which commissioners are members of this group ?
these are the modern means to be used .
just as it also must not fail to include everyday issues which , for that very reason , are highly visible to the european public .
this is , of course , a highly sensitive issue .
i would especially draw your attention to amendment no 45 , in which a choice is made in favour of laying the cost of disassembly and recycling at the door of the manufacturer , for new cars at any rate .
i would like to say that this report represents a huge improvement , also with its amendments .
ten days ago i was in westminster , so you can see , mr corbett , that i am not afraid of the difficulties .
individuals and governments should be judged by what they do rather than by what they say .
i want to say madame president some words to mr schüssel .
we have not done that yet but it will be done in september .
during the course of our work on this report it became clear that there are persistent problems in the spending areas under the control of our budget .
however , the commission will have the possibility of seeing that the opinions of the authority on scientific matters are enforced by way of passing legislation which is the function of the commission , parliament and council .
one issue which is referred to in the van der laan report is the whole question of the gaza hospital .
do we seriously want to respond to the hopes of our peoples ?
the question before us now is what can the commission do to provide more practical support for his holiness , the dalai lama &apos; s , proposal for a peaceful solution to the tibet affair ?
but there are some questions still outstanding .
there are those who are in favour of new agreements between israel and syria , but only a few focus on the real problem at the heart of the middle east issue .
in area after area , we are now obtaining common minimum regulations for the member states .
the netherlands is located downstream , in a delta , which means that the quality of the surface water which heads our way is of key importance .
the challenge is to make the system the very best .
there is no direct transition between interreg ii and iii , the practical consequences of which are uncertainty in terms of planning and gaps in funding .
we are not just calling for more control , and more control over europol ; our motto here is &quot; less is sometimes more ! &quot;
we also take the view that the political decision-makers must at long last change the habit of a life-time and ask the citizens in referenda , once the intergovernmental conference is over , whether or not they go along with the way in which europe is to continue to develop in the future .
the resolution makes no clear reference to respect for the member states &apos; national identities and constitutional traditions in accordance with article 6 of the treaty .
that is one of the issues that we address in the annex to the legislation , and the intention is to establish a positive list for feed material .
no one , not least my party , could begin to disagree that recycling should be encouraged , but the best way to achieve that is to work with the market , not to create another bureaucratic monstrosity .
we shall nevertheless continue to devote all our attention to this problem because the entire credibility of the authorities and of the organisations representing albanians in the region also depends on the ability of these organisations to prove themselves capable of implementing measures which will guarantee the region &apos; s multi-ethnic nature .
the directive applies to complete cars , that is to say cars with none of the essential components missing .
in this way , we would have no problem in acting immediately . we would not create problems for the kosovar people , but , on the other hand , we would force the other donors to make their financial contribution in the way that we are doing .
incidentally , it is ironic that the problem is much less serious for the feedingstuffs of our dogs , cats and other domestic animals .
i do not think it is necessary for classic cars to be part of the directive .
some countries - such as france and spain - managed to meet the challenge , giving rise to great nation states ; other countries - such as italy - did not meet this challenge and lost all the headway that they had accumulated during the first part of that millennium : headway in science , technology , economic progress , defence structures and military organisation , philosophy and literature .
it is nevertheless the case that not a penny more than what was allocated before the storm will now be freed up to demonstrate practical , active solidarity .
nevertheless , the way in which our committee intends to see this text through , with the drive and stubborn desire of its chair , mrs theato , will not be without its critics .
in that context i support calls to strengthen port state control to ensure full and effective inspection .
i would therefore like to ask the commissioner , who was kind enough to make some comments about my remarks in the previous debate , to look into this and to report back to parliament and to me their findings .
we must promote and defend those rights , all the while saying to the people of austria : our quarrel is not with you .
commissioner vitorino , although i would describe cooperation with you as harmonious and profitable , words have often failed me in the past when faced with the conduct which the council has demonstrated towards us .
as far as the discharge of these dangerous substances is concerned , i am of the opinion that the councils &apos; objectives lack both commitment and ambition .
even now , the rivers in brittany are eutrophying and this is damaging tourism .
however , it is still the responsibility of the member states &apos; management authorities to select the projects to be implemented within these csfs .
question no 41 by ( h-0021 / 00 ) :
trees have been uprooted , houses are still being demolished and , above all , water supplies have been reduced or refused , especially in east jerusalem , while the settlements continue and are growing constantly .
the european union is the single largest contributor , with 80 million pounds to the international fund for ireland .
will a free palestine be a truly democratic state and , therefore , reliable as a partner in peace ?
nevertheless , the legal mechanisms that exist in the treaty are weak , difficult to apply politically and legally , do not define the powers of the institutions and do not guarantee fair legal treatment for processes of major importance . suspending a state is just such a process , and is to be condemned .
indeed this disaster involving the erika , like that of the russian vessel in turkey , moreover , is unacceptable and intolerable at a time when the ultimate hi-tech technology is available .
these are matters which we ourselves shall no longer be able to decide upon as voters and no longer be able to change on election day .
i would like to start by thanking my colleagues for their cooperation on this report , it would not be what it is today without that spirit of cooperation .
that is the debate , and this question must be addressed in any discussion of the intergovernmental conference , its agenda or its method .
a lack of progress in the final status negotiations should not jeopardise implementation of the three above-mentioned interim agreements .
i support all efforts to close the gap in economic development in infrastructural provisions , including the energy sector .
i do not accept those views and reject them with some degree of passion .
as it enlarges , the union needs to be strengthened through streamlining and demarcation .
we have to work out what we are going to do with the millions of vehicles we abandon each year .
we are also doing a number of other things : in the european union-china human rights dialogue , we have focused on a number of practical steps , including sending experts on assignment to tibet , planning development assistance programmes and activities focusing on health , education and training for tibetans .
the european institutions should follow the example of a number of countries , most notably the united kingdom , and institute a committee for standards in public life , with a mandate to give advice on professional ethics and rules of conduct in the european institutions .
i would ask you , ladies and gentlemen , not to start a debate at this point . this was just a procedural motion .
i lodged a written complaint on the same subject to commissioner vitorino on 23 december .
the commission and the committee of independent experts are in favour of completely doing away with ex ante financial control .
i have listened to you very attentively commissioner , and welcome with open arms the fact that you are intending to go and see for yourself the effects the catastrophe has had in france and in germany .
and that is why we have solas ( the international convention for the safety of life at sea ) and marpol ( the international convention for the prevention of pollution from ships ) , two conventions of the international maritime organisation which will eventually have to be made mandatory in all member states of the union and whose application will have to be monitored .
we are also pleased to see certain statements and intentions which it contains and which mr prodi has just underlined and , in some cases , usefully clarified .
the fisheries policy is due for review in a few months &apos; time , i.e. at the beginning of the year 2000 .
finally , i should like to make three additional comments , quite briefly , mr president .
there were many and difficult issues and not always crystal clear , but i will try to answer some questions .
these are questions which we should all be asking , but the forum for putting these questions is the united nations .
ecological tax reform is what my group would like to stress the importance of , because we can only create employment and sustainable development by changing our taxation structure . but , unfortunately , as we all know , this is an area where the european union is totally unable to act .
the competitiveness of the european steel industry also forms the subject of the commission &apos; s most recent communication , which we have not yet debated in parliament .
while we have a number of months to the end of april to debate the issue and garner our views , i recognise fully that this is also a very tight timeframe .
being much more democratic means greater participation by the european parliament and allowing the commission to exercise even more - yes , more - its ability to take the initiative .
the next item is the report ( a5-0018 / 2000 ) by mr dimitrakopoulos and mr leinen , on behalf of the committee on constitutional affairs , on the convening of the intergovernmental conference &#91; 14094 / 1999 - c5-0341 / 1999 - 1999 / 0825 ( cns ) &#93; .
madam president , mr prodi , you claim to be shaping a new europe yet you are lacking one basic element : confidence .
what is the commission prepared to do to ensure that unit managers and more senior managers go through the necessary gender training ?
article 56 of the treaty , prohibiting currency speculation or any interference in the free movement of capital , must be removed so that damaging currency speculation may be checked by means of political control .
where possible , one should also have the opportunity to present draft decisions in competition cases to the specialist chamber within the court of first instance .
i believe that this is a serious issue which we are obliged to follow up , but it should not be dealt with by means of urgent procedure .
i believe this system is also more suited to practical needs .
( es ) mr president , i would like firstly to thank the members , and especially the rapporteur , for the speed with which they have dealt with this issue .
today we will take note of what you say and have a glass or two of alsace wine , although we do not know how much tax is put on it , but i suppose it is a lot .
it is critical to note that the commission has too often failed to act on the reforms recommended by the court of auditors .
we are not taking the kind of action that the citizens want to see .
therefore , i would urge the council and the intergovernmental conference to introduce the codecision procedure into legislation in this area .
according to the treaty , one of the founding principles of this community is linguistic and cultural plurality and there is no question of our overlooking the possibility of something as important as being able to read a judgement in our own language .
we would then be overreaching ourselves .
the commission can only collate and analyse the data provided by the member states .
in any case , the commission &apos; s proposal refers back to old proposals that were put forward as long ago as the fifties and sixties .
the van hulten report is a step in the right direction , but it is not enough .
it would be interesting to hear whether the commission is also prepared to set aside financial resources for those who have disabilities , so that they too might venture further out into the world than merely to where their wheelchairs take them .
i have evidence that this is possible .
but how are we to succeed when the resources available are limited and the credibility of our institutions is not very high ?
we really hope and believe so .
we can cast our minds back to a similar situation in the united states .
the process of reform has been going on for some time , and something like a state of emergency seems to prevail in the commission .
our opinion is that it is vital to contribute to setting up an administration in kosovo and that it is by no means absurd to contribute directly to the payment of public employees in this region .
for this reason we very much welcome programmes of this kind .
we have to get this right .
that is precisely the time when you may , if you wish , raise this question , i.e. on thursday prior to the start of the presentation of the report .
thank you very much , dagmar roth-behrendt , for these questions .
we want a colourful europe .
in this respect , i am pleased to see that the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism has adopted one of my amendments calling on the commission to devote a specific chapter in its next report on cohesion to the special case of the most remote regions and , more specifically , to consideration of the impact of the measures shortly to be adopted under new article 299 ( 2 ) of the treaty of amsterdam .
this is not just about bureaucratic reform , however ; rather , it is about showing good will towards the citizens .
everything is done to make the lines of responsibility , the identity of the owners and real decision-makers as impenetrable as possible .
i do not think it appropriate to have to conduct in part the same discussion when mrs roth-behrendt &apos; s report from the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy is featured in the plenary session .
the call to make a cultural u-turn and embrace a culture of responsibility seems to me a very fundamental one .
moreover , it will only be possible to give the commission responsibility for the tasks it takes on according to the actual powers it will be accorded .
i would like to finish off by expressing the hope that the european parliament will pick up once again its green image and will argue in favour of the close-to-zero option for dangerous chemical and hormone-deregulating substances by the year 2020 .
national competition authorities were able to apply articles 81 ( 1 ) and 82 for some time .
report ( a5-0009 / 2000 ) by mr graça moura , on behalf of the european parliament delegation to the conciliation committee , on the joint text approved by the conciliation committee for a european parliament and council decision establishing a single financing and programming instrument for cultural cooperation ( &apos; culture 2000 &apos; ) ( c5-0327 / 1999 - 1998 / 0169 ( cod ) )
however , it annoyed me when i heard today that the commission is now saying that it only wishes to discuss the interim report with parliament on an informal basis .
instead of 2004 , it should , of course , be 1 july 2000 .
i will monitor this situation very closely . if necessary , within and pursuant to the structural funds regulation , i will make comments on the use made , not of structural funds which are not yet committed , but of the negotiations prior to the allocation of these structural funds .
mr prodi , you do not know what you are talking about .
i think that your proposal , madam president , to keep the debate and the vote separate , with the debate on friday and the vote at a later date , is a reasonable one .
perhaps &apos; redundant &apos; is the most serious epithet , and you are not responsible for this . it is the responsibility of this parliament .
we must not take anything for granted in terms of how we get the european economy restructured .
mr alavanos , i see that you have thrown to your left all the documents which you have just cited .
you have the fine , charming idea that the outcome and the benchmark for your policy and for your five-year programme will be the result of the elections , or rather the turnout at the next european elections .
fourthly , increasing audiences for culture , with particular emphasis on attracting young people to culture and , fifthly , protecting the common cultural heritage on the european scale as well as the history of the peoples of europe , and making them better known .
measure after measure has come out of the environment committee .
on the one hand , any of us could pick up on a whole cluster of inflammatory remarks by the leader of the freedom party .
that is my intention and i would ask the house to give this report overwhelming support !
he has delivered excellent work under pressure both from his colleagues and from the car industry .
most smes have in fact less than 30 % of the market share .
in this way , the unanimity principle has shown itself to be a blockading instrument of the first order .
it is contradictory to offer aid to romania and bulgaria yet leave these countries unable to harness their greatest resource .
i will say again that we are going to conduct this dialogue initiative through specific cooperation or a more structured partnership with the member states . i sincerely hope , with your support , that the governments of the fifteen will participate in this dialogue initiative in the manner which they consider most appropriate .
one might make the claim that there is no need to state it explicitly in writing because it is an obvious point , but i feel that it is a point that should be made in writing because there is every interest in adopting clear texts .
i should point out that 70 % of funding for the period 2000-2006 , i.e. eur 195 billion , will go to the less-favoured regions of europe .
the left &apos; s members of parliament therefore supported the liberal decision &apos; s powerful rejection of any form of xenophobia in austria or elsewhere .
i do not know , but one benchmark we could certainly use is the challenge we must take up together .
well i certainly take gender mainstreaming seriously and so does my colleague commissioner nielson .
this is why i should like to see the next report on state aid include some assessment of the effect of such aid on employment , industry and craft businesses in the beneficiary countries .
i agree that the european parliament did not have the opportunity - or that it was not given the opportunity , as we had reached the end of the parliamentary term - to discuss the directives .
they were the first to say that , each day , they must think about doing what is most cost-effective because resources had to suffice for their poor patients there . we must be very careful about how we use resources .
europe will also be able to achieve a leading position in the industry that supplies equipment needed for the exploitation of renewable energy .
we certainly do not want market organisation for forests , but maybe we should set up a system , perhaps in conjunction with the private insurance sector , which will make it possible to mitigate the implications for the victims in some way .
yet these are the main themes in any discussion of strong european institutions in which only day-to-day tasks of execution are decentralised and a collective vision is promoted within an indistinct whole . in this scenario the governments and national parliaments are merged with the regional and even local authorities and with the civil society , all of which are described , with no form of hierarchy , as &apos; integral elements of european governance &apos; .
does the commission intend to put forward lowest common denominator policies which will properly reflect the admittedly extreme but nonetheless real-life situation of these women , or will their plight once again be overlooked by the new employment policies ?
this own initiative must not be destroyed by european intervention .
i would very much like to support what mrs morgan said on this issue .
we therefore have a number of amendments .
it is not by chance that the committee on culture &apos; s decisions are constantly ending up in the conciliation procedure , for one or other member state in the council always holds culture hostage to other interests .
the torrent of confusion and rash actions that has been unleashed over austria has blown things out of all proportion . it has caused considerable distress to decent citizens and evokes risks that had previously not even been considered .
he has led efforts to end provision for austria &apos; s slovene-speaking minority and assistance to immigrants .
( applause from the pse group )
i am firmly convinced that we need a strict , tight timetable in order to work towards our long-term objective .
if you apply the existing principle of digressive proportionality , six seats for every state and then one more seat for every half a million inhabitants , you already have the situation where luxembourg with 367,000 people has more members in this chamber than wales , which is a partly self-governing region of the united kingdom .
the dialogue has been fruitful and has led to our preparing a proposal .
in my opinion , we now have to make a significant and urgent effort to confront new problems , also deriving from american legislation , which emphasise the safety of the transport of dangerous goods in the maritime sector .
this programme will hopefully encourage member states to act with greater determination to increase the use of renewable energy .
we therefore , of course , support the european parliament &apos; s now giving the formal go-ahead to the intergovernmental conference .
the next item is the commission statement on recourse to the precautionary principle .
europe , which is so democratic , so progressive , does not speak out or take these tragic problems on board , while half of africa is dying of aids and other diseases .
and because of the programme &apos; s success and its basic approach they will of course at some point then be dropped from leader .
one part of this is to improve the access of the citizen to the court .
basically , the more we lose our grip on morals , the more we tighten our grip on our wallet .
one urgent question is therefore raised : why , when this programme has been successfully run for ten years , is leader + still classed as experimental ?
finally , after seattle , do you really think you can advocate increasing the role of the wto ?
i should like to make it plain that our programme reflects that intention , but there is certainly room for improvement .
currently , both sides seem to have accepted that nothing will be agreed until everything is agreed .
we have expected the citizens to take on board the transition from eec to ec to eu .
questions to mrs wallström
the fact that it did not establish a genuine procedure , that it did not establish time limits , that it did not regulate access for interested parties to the files , or that the right to defence was not properly recognised , were factors which led to the unanimous demand for reform .
our common aim is to reform and strengthen competition policy , a pillar of the social market economy and of european construction .
then it is possible to understand that , for example , lower electricity and telecommunications prices are due to european competition policy , and brussels should not be pilloried when aid decisions are taken which are , of course , bound to cause problems at a particular moment in time or in a local context .
i must respond also to the fact , of course , that there were references during the debate - and i use some of the words employed - to the ambiguity , the complacency and the fragility of the commission &apos; s opinion .
former adapt projects range from the core project , which has developed new supply chains for the car industry in bedfordshire , to projects to raise standards in small businesses in hertfordshire in essex .
now we come to the second report of the committee of independent experts which we already had the opportunity to welcome and briefly debate last september .
regarding information and training , in the past this budget line has been allocated for information , communication and training .
i am certain that it will not be disappointed , having given us its support , and i personally undertake to keep parliament informed , as things progress , of the various phases of the implementation of our measures and the measures of our citizens , which i hope will be great measures for the future of the union .
where , above all , will the required money come from , and where should this observatory be located ?
the 15 clearly do not suffice .
how can we ensure that we will not be laying ourselves open to attack at any time , for example by our partners in the usa , on account of the bio safety protocol not being adequate to their purposes ?
all this must lead us to intensify our action in favour of developing a common cultural area , within which our cultures can flourish further in all their unique features , in all their diversity , but may also be mutually enriched and the other citizens of europe may participate fully in them .
i am from the social committee and rapporteurs on our committee are always proud to receive 100 amendments because then they know that they have tabled an interesting topic .
on the whole , i welcome the committee &apos;s proposals set out in mrs lienemann &apos;s report and think they could provide a good basis for a hard-won compromise .
you said that in lisbon you intend to discuss more dynamic and competitive development .
in accordance with the principle of competition , the legislation has implemented articles 85 to 94 , competition policy in the strict sense , and the revision of all state aid and tax provisions which may affect competition .
this is an effective , transparent way to proceed and involve all the european institutions and the citizens of europe .
i should like to end by saying that the planning of the new inter-state cooperation zones has taken no account of the mediterranean &apos; s geographical peculiarities , which would justify the creation of a special zone for coastal and island regions .
certainly those who fear for their livelihood are at a complete loss .
as the white paper makes clear , the new authority must be a value-added structure .
i regard this as absolutely unacceptable and would ask you to contact the british authorities in order to ensure that this does not happen again and that mrs lucas receives an apology . i have written to you in this respect together with my colleague , mrs hautala .
as regards the other aspect of agenda , the aspect of cohesion and regional development , there we do indeed have great achievements to point to , but there are still less developed regions , particularly island regions , to which more attention should be paid .
yet the trade in used car parts is important , especially for those who collect and renovate older vehicles .
the views i shall express today are not far removed from those i had then .
mr president , i feel that the guidelines for the community equal initiative , especially the four actions described in it , will result both in complicated bureaucracy and , paradoxically , a non-transparent structure .
these costs are not very high .
you will cynically and hypocritically use austria as a convenient threat to further strip the member states of any real powers in the construction of the european union .
i am sure the president-in-office of the council is a very nice man and is very kind to his wife and his children and his dog .
taking these aspects into account , i consider it appropriate that we create a framework of this kind , as proposed , and i also consider it necessary to the further development of olaf .
a technical improvement in the flexibility system will not be enough : we also have to raise the issue of developing our institutions for the countries in the vanguard as proposed by jacques delors , for example .
mr nielson cannot be present today since he is in south africa .
basically , we are opposed to programmes and structural funds of this type but , since the vote only concerns how - and not to what extent - these resources are to be used , we have confined ourselves to assessing the contents and think , in general , that the proposal for regenerating neighbourhoods in crisis contains some sensible observations , as well as some good suggestions and criteria for the relevant projects .
it is therefore only right that the european union should draw up community rules on how these nine million vehicles every year are to be recycled and processed .
this white paper is a response to the challenges that enlargement is forcing on us , an enlargement that is forcing us to rethink the workings of all our institutions , rethink our very policies - all our policies - and above all rethink what we must continue to do at union level when the member states number 25 or 30 , and what will be the best thing to do at individual state level , at regional level and at local government level .
i feel therefore that extending and enriching european citizens &apos; participation in culture is a crucial task , one which justifies the efforts we make to achieve it , and this is the yardstick against which we must measure the success of our programme and of our union .
i cannot answer that question .
i can also assure parliament that all observations made here today will be fully taken into account .
although action plans established by the high-level working group aim to limit migratory flows in the future , these plans do nothing to improve human rights , civil liberties and the economic situation in the countries concerned .
we feel this is relatively dangerous , but all the same we shall vote in favour of it because we recognise that the commission cannot do everything .
with the planned accession of a large number of these countries in the foreseeable future , it is a matter of urgency to review the current structural policy .
in my view , mr prodi , judging from the text and the document that you had sent to us , one subject that is very important to both of us has been given secondary importance , and that is solidarity , not so much at international level as at internal level .
this programme constitutes a driving force for development on the european scale .
mrs schroedter &apos; s report marks a further step towards the transparency and effectiveness of structural aid .
this is why it is essential , as a matter of urgency , for the european union to undertake a radical review of its directives on sea transport to make them more restrictive and to establish clear and specific regulations determining the responsibilities of the owners of the cargoes .
it is particularly important for there to be clarity in relation to competition rules in view of eu enlargement .
the compatibility with the various national systems of law , as confirmed by experts , shows that criminal law is another area where europe has a great deal in common , for example where the significance of the offences we have been discussing here is concerned .
firstly , vintage cars and motorbikes .
he said that there would always be unanimity on social questions but , in the commission &apos; s draft , plans are quite explicitly being made for majority decision-making on issues relating to social security and on taxes connected with the internal market . this means that it will be possible for major parts of the social systems in the member states to be changed by a majority in brussels , even if a unanimous french national assembly , a british house of commons and a dutch lower house should be against this .
i would urge those who are still very hesitant in this respect to consider whether now is not the time to make this connection and perhaps pluck up the courage we need to make suitable progress in matters of fundamental rights .
the success of urban during the 1994-1999 programming period is indisputable .
the first is asylum .
however , i am obliged to respect the national authority with which i must conduct these negotiations .
you told us that rina was an italian classification register recognised by the commission .
we consider the competition policy to be responsible for all this and are totally opposed to it .
i agree with mr leinen that the wording of the initiative is indeed very difficult and hard to understand .
i believe that this type of language is extremely dangerous and i would like to condemn it here and now .
with regard to the remark made by mr karas , i am under the impression that he is talking about the possibility of people from poland being used as employees in his country .
we will only be able to say that the structural policy of the union has been a success when we manage to create a sufficient number of jobs and when there is a significant reduction in the unemployment rate .
to remedy this , vigorous efforts are required .
the change of system in european monopolies law that the european commission is contemplating is high risk as far as competition policy is concerned .
but at the same time , one can clearly see that the upheaval caused by enlargement may lead to community competences being limited and subsidiarity being extended .
we will support small and medium-sized events , not the large ones , and we will afford individual citizens and also the smaller operators easier access . i believe that the fact that culture and , fittingly , education and youth now fall within the same commissioner &apos; s remit , will also serve to guarantee more synergy between these three programmes , which are certainly worthwhile programmes for the citizens of the european union .
this revised community framework would have three core elements : operational criteria set up at community level , community control guidelines , and enhanced administrative cooperation in the development and operation of control .
although such measures can never be an alternative for good management , they must be an escape valve when something goes wrong .
allow me to comment briefly on two other points . first , genetically modified micro-organisms in feedingstuffs .
i should like the vote on the community equal initiative to be postponed because we need a bit more time to negotiate an important point .
i should like to take this opportunity to stress how important it is that , in future , all the directives are dealt with under article 152 , since both food safety and environmental issues require a coherent policy and a comprehensive overview .
you know that you will always have our support here in parliament , and that includes your proposal , and we shall be behind you when the time comes to finance it .
this could prevent local governments that are functioning in a short-sighted or insufficiently democratic way from neglecting their duty of input from the very start .
the community &apos; s institutions are obliged to work towards overcoming these border scars , which contradict the spirit of european unity .
as i say , our amendments concern transparency , and i should like to emphasise the amendment which urges the commission to propose uniform criteria and conditions for the type of state aids we consider to be lawful , specifically in order to ensure that companies can predict what their situation will be .
at present , the main difficulty in approaching the negotiations seems to be that the palestinians are insisting that the border issue must be agreed upon first , while the israeli government says that it should be settled only if a solution is reached on the issue of settlements and security .
in congratulating the rapporteur on his excellent work , we can but hope that the commission will duly take into consideration the proposals parliament has put forward , in accordance with the commitments made under the code of conduct on the implementation of structural policies , and that it will confirm , with fitting amendments , the transformation of this community initiative from a mere instrument for internal redistribution to an opportunity to boost and enhance relations with neighbouring countries .
whether we are talking about beef to france or about backhanders to industry , eu member states must not be allowed to flout the law .
there is a problem , however , which we need to address together .
legal security requires this .
despite having signed these international agreements , this directive and the specific policies in the field reveal that europe cannot achieve the objectives set or must defer these for so long that the very credibility of its signature of these international conventions is threatened .
at last we are convinced that our young people may start to see an end to the tragic unemployment , the source of so much despair , if we can export to neighbouring countries the know-how which we have gained thanks to the operation of the european structural funds .
but we should not lower our standards too much either .
the problem is not that only 25 % are inspected , but rather how we select , how we find , the ships which constitute the highest risk , through the age of the ships and the risk history of the flags .
i would like to emphasise the strong political message sent out by the european council , reaffirming the importance that the heads of state and government of the union attached to a fundamental project , together with various political guidelines and priorities which will turn this area into a reality , following a progressive strategy , within a time-frame of five years , and that , above all , the three components of this area should be in balance : freedom , security and justice .
the commission makes only a passing reference to economic and social cohesion , to solidarity between member states and to the european union &apos; s regional policy . and this is true even when it addresses the issue of enlargement .
we should also recognise that , in europe , our fresh water sources may be said to be on the borderline between being owned by everyone and by no-one .
mr president , there are two issues of principle in the council &apos; s draft directive .
this is the sine qua non condition for reconciling the popular and political spheres .
we would be changing the law to make it executable again , which is something i consider to be unacceptable .
we should remember that the effectiveness of expenditure is not measured by the volume of funding allocated to the project .
we want a structure which allows every euro to be spent effectively , and our accounts demonstrate that this is not happening at present .
it is clear that in a process such as this , where we are discussing the disposal of a considerable stream of both electrical and electronic waste in europe , there is an on-going dialogue between the different parties concerned .
i am convinced that this proposal will increase legal certainty for businesses for three reasons : by virtue of the direct effect of article 81 ( 3 ) , it will permit authorisation , without a prior decision , of all restrictive competition agreements which meet the exemption conditions ; it will create the opportunity to help businesses in the event of doubts over interpretation through the publication of reasoned opinions ; it will be accompanied by exemption regulations and guidelines which will clarify the rules and ensure certainty .
however , this can be seriously questioned as the manufacturers will pass on all the costs to consumers and acquire for themselves a state-sanctioned monopoly on recycling .
as manufacturers are responsible for the design , they can give a great deal of consideration to the environment at the conception phase .
i am referring to the situation in austria , where the commission has remained true to its role , being duty-bound to work towards the cohesion of the union , but also the unwavering guardian of the treaties , ready to punish every minor breach of the principles of democracy , law and respect for minorities .
the committee of independent experts said the commission was not managing this properly .
but this is not in place .
mr president , i extend our deepest sympathy to all of those who were affected by the storms .
do we imagine , then , that the cost would disappear if we were not to adopt this directive ?
in principle , i believe that in many cases where transport is concerned we should be working towards increased flexibility and country-specific rules .
the internationally agreed objectives for reducing emissions cannot be achieved by these programmes alone .
question no 38 by ( h-0805 / 99 ) :
but , of course , both the competition report and the aid report share common ground in this white paper .
the process does not require a chemical sewage plant .
all this is well-intentioned advice .
i also extend my special thanks to our rapporteur , mrs lienemann , for all her work and her cooperative attitude , even if we have agreed to differ on certain points .
i believe that no country , no government and , of course , no member of this parliament can fail to recognise the need for this directive in order to end the current fragmentation of water policy and facilitate the implementation of a programme of specific measures for each river basin .
it is fair to say that the new president , mr prodi , and his team are certainly committed to implementing the financial control requirements as laid down by this parliament .
this seems to me to be a workable solution .
it is necessary to have a clear division of responsibility among all levels of authority and to be partners , rather than competitors when it comes to policy .
.
this parliament has often heard the desire to reform the commission expressed , even by its presidents .
this question will naturally be one of our key concerns , and the european commission will not fail to take this into account .
i want to stress that it is extremely important to promote this specific initiative as quickly as possible , both for reasons of political timing and because we believe that it is important that it should begin as planned , in other words , we must be absolutely ready by the end of 2000 .
israel has to accept its responsibilities , withdraw from the occupied territories and share its water resources but , at the same time , it has to be sure that it will be safe and able to live in peace in terms of economic and political relations with all the countries in the area .
mr president , i would like to take a brief , critical look at the accession negotiations with malta and would like to express my gratitude to , and admiration for , the many ngos that have at least rolled up their sleeves in order to save animals .
the final part of my question is as follows : when will bse testing be binding in all member states ?
we would prefer the future framework directive not to subject the implementation of transfers to community supervision .
mr president , it is incumbent upon me to remind my colleague , mr evans , of why wales actually achieved objective 1 status .
she has gone into the issue in some depth and in the committee debate she took account of many of the amendments that have been tabled regarding this report .
likewise , the situation with regard to right of entry and residence rights should be clarified before the service provision card is issued , namely under the terms of an opposition procedure .
we also feel that it is particularly important to state that the recovery seen in some regions - where it did actually take place - was accompanied only to a limited extent by growth in employment . this consequently imposes the need for new development strategies , with a considerably greater level of attention needing to be paid to this area .
the outcome of the discussions , as well as of the in-depth investigations which are being carried out in this area , are now being examined by the commission .
there is no change in refugee policy in austria !
the discussion has centred on the allocation formula to be applied .
let me , in this connection , welcome the presence in the visitors &apos; gallery of mrs javette-le besque , spokesperson for the oil slick action group &quot; marée noire &quot; , made up of men and women from the french department of morbihan .
clearly , we must consider the problem which exists here and now and the challenge presented by the existing range of cars .
so tomorrow , if we vote against some amendments or against specific paragraphs , this is certainly not on account of their content but rather to render your report as a whole more readable .
in june of last year europe &apos;s voters gave a clear signal that they are fed up with endless stories about mismanagement and nepotism .
and to what extent will the european parliament be able to play a role in this ?
that is dealt with either under special programmes in education , for young people , for women and for exchanges or must be a matter for national policy .
you see , there are numerous matters of concern here and they are all very different .
i would like to quote verbatim from the report : &quot; state aid per capita is highest in italy , germany and ireland .
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , a five-year programme is an extremely important undertaking , and this is why i preferred that you be given the unabridged text of the speech , which is available in four languages .
standards of food safety and indeed other areas of safety are obviously of critical importance in relation to enlargement and this is a matter that i have drawn to the attention of mr verheugen .
this legal framework is fairly advanced , at least if you compare it with what is happening at worldwide level and the member states , under the supervision of the commission , should endeavour to ensure that community law is actually applied .
doubtless there are also a lot of protest voters on the scene that have wanted a change in austrian policy for a long time .
as a member of the convention that has now taken up its work on the charter of fundamental rights , i wish to make the following point clear : neither my group nor i are content with making a solemn announcement about the charter .
since we are talking about the intergovernmental conference , let us consider just two points .
as for us in parliament , i would like to remind you of the code of conduct between the commission and parliament which was signed in may .
think of last year &apos; s deadly criticism of the commission &apos; s lack of propriety , ethics and accountability .
in addition we must build on the council directive dealing with enforcement of international standards for ship safety and pollution prevention by ensuring that the inspection goal of 25 % of ships calling at eu ports is met and that a high standard of inspection is delivered .
what we are talking about is nothing more and nothing less than the future of europe , and , in particular , a europe that the citizens truly regard as being theirs , because they are instrumental in shaping it and because the cares and concerns , the problems and issues they face on a daily basis are also taken seriously by politicians .
my question specifically concerned the reaction of the us government to the text of the preliminary draft .
i would also like to remind members that , as a candidate for membership of the european union , turkey will - and this is a pre-accession condition , which is an important point - sooner or later , as part of its own pre-accession strategy , have to adopt a set of policies geared towards adopting the entire acquis communautaire in good time , and including therefore all provisions already in force on nuclear safety .
madam president , commissioner , rapporteur , i would like to start by thanking mr graça moura most warmly for the tremendous efforts he has put into the discussion of this culture 2000 programme .
the concerns expressed by the european parliament about tibet are widely shared .
however , on a general level , i would say that in all cases it is the structural funds expenditure which must be additional . this is how , provided that the member state does not reduce all its own expenditure , the structural funds can be added to the national expenditure and we can consider that the additionality principle is respected .
that is why we spoke in favour of breaking down the budget , the allocation of funds that is , into the different types of measure .
future actions will take place within the stability pact for south-eastern europe .
the confidence of millions of europeans cannot be won without being worthy of this .
i would like to thank the rapporteur , who really has chipped away tirelessly at this monumental task , in conjunction with the commissioner of course .
we must ensure that nothing can enter the food chain or the animal compound feed to allow what we have experienced in the past to happen again in the future .
we need the member states and the citizens in the member states to be properly informed .
mr president , i would like to refer , firstly and above all , to the joint resolution which will be laid down to round off this debate . my group has made a contribution to this resolution and , needless to say , approves of it .
allow me briefly to comment on some of the assumptions and principles behind the present directive .
in the interests of equality , either the code must be applied or it must be modified .
people react by voting with their feet and go where they can earn a crust .
secondly , i agree with what has already been said on the issue of the islands and i would also like to bring the outermost regions to your attention .
this proposal is radically opposed to the spirit of the current system in which the criminal law and criminal proceedings that lie at the heart of the national legal systems must come under the sovereignty of each nation and lie within the exclusive competence of each state .
these financial perspectives are adjusted to within a millimetre .
the next item is question time ( b5-0003 / 2000 ) . we will examine questions to the commission .
in conclusion , while key infrastructure projects have been supported by the european regional development fund and the cohesion fund , we should remember that the european social fund has played a very important role in helping the less well-off in our society .
mr president , i want first of all to say thank you to mrs lienemann for her report .
i am , however , optimistic .
it is regrettable that we do not have any instrument with which to give assistance in situations like this .
they should be accessible to smaller groups , accessible for them to be able to devise , implement and monitor the programmes .
in order to assert our fundamental values , they need to be laid down in writing , as a matter of urgency , and , beyond this igc , i believe we owe europe a constitution .
the level of racism in our society is terrifying .
regulations on nationality and the integration of people from third countries are still outstanding .
i have thus proposed that the frost rating be lowered to -40ºc .
i often have the impression , unlike the country i come from - former east germany - where economic competitiveness is prized above all else and competitiveness relating to managerial economics is disregarded , that very often the reverse is the case ; society thinks almost exclusively in terms of managerial economics .
therefore , once our legislation has been brought into line , we must follow this up immediately with appropriate law .
let us ensure , mr president , commissioner , that this time we really do learn the lesson , even after the media hype and the shock of this house have died down .
we want to develop a community immigration policy which takes account of the member states &apos; capacity to absorb immigrants and we need to extend the operational powers of europol , for example , so that specific steps can be taken to combat organised crime .
today , we have been called on to choose , for the forthcoming decades , between a europe that might be less prosperous but a beacon of peace and civilisation for the whole planet and a europe that might be more wealthy , but where there is uncertainty over what the future might bring .
i nevertheless wish to stress the fact that it is quite distressing to see the lack of real interest in this reform .
there has therefore been enough time for the commission to prepare its programme and for us to become familiar with it and explain it to our citizens .
this situation really cannot continue and we must therefore protest most strongly .
a simple reading of chapter 4 , article 1 of the austrian freedom party &apos; s manifesto is enough to make any democratic conscience shudder .
it says that this should be done despite the principle of relative stability .
mr president , mr president-in-office of the council , commissioner patten , i should like to thank you for your statements , especially commissioner patten , whose analysis i fully share and i shall not , therefore , repeat any of his ideas .
olaf , europol and the treaty on extradition and mutual assistance in criminal matters should be used fully and , when the fraud convention from 1995 is at long last ratified in the member states , we can also achieve a lot with this .
the group of the party of european socialists requests that a commission statement be included on its strategic objectives for the next five years and on the administrative reform of the commission .
the commission &apos; s records leave a great deal to be desired .
this is not a situation related to the economic climate , however ; rather it is a structural problem , created by our remoteness , our insularity , in short , our own specific personality .
these amendments deal with the social economy and the need to provide social risk capital and support financially local schemes to develop employment opportunities and strengthen social cohesion .
it has been said before , and we have discussed this between ourselves on various occasions , that culture is , of course , extremely important as an area unto itself - i would like to stress this once again - but also as the instrument par excellence for furthering the european idea . it is also of great importance to citizens .
in short , we face a major challenge in meeting our commitments on limiting greenhouse gas emissions from the energy sector under the kyoto protocol , while at the same time promoting growth in our economies .
i also welcome commissioner busquin &apos;s idea to have a common research area for the whole of the european union .
on friday of this week we have one single item on the agenda .
even though i approve of the general guidelines of interreg iii , i feel it is extremely important to ensure better coordination between this programme , financed by the erdf , and the other external cooperation funds , including in particular the european development fund , intended for acp countries .
the white paper represents three to four months of intensive work since the new commission was appointed last september .
as intended by the treaties and the will of the people , the commission is the driving force of european construction which is like a rock of sisyphus which we have to push back up to the summit again together after each round of enlargement . we therefore need a strong commission but one which relies on the support of a parliament .
that is to say , if this parliament commissions a committee of experts - and i am not going to repeat what mr casaca has said , but i agree with him to a large extent - to analyse a problem , where is the sense in indulging in the medieval tradition of criticising the critics and so on , ad infinitum .
- ( sv ) in order to be able to influence developments , the european parliament must adopt a more constructive attitude towards the agenda for the intergovernmental conference than emerges from the present resolution , which displays far too much disappointment and negativity about the decision which the european council made in helsinki in december 1999 .
we want instruments to prevent abuse .
i can assure you that it was not easy to achieve this , last week in the committee i chair , but we eventually decided to back the portuguese presidency and we would like to win this wager .
i know that this is an extremely delicate issue , but we should all be questioning the logic behind this resolution and its chances of being implemented . we advocate that it should be implemented in its entirety .
the most important issue with regard to this is internal differentiation within the union .
that is one of the political conclusions that we must draw from the grave decision of 14 member states yesterday virtually to freeze relations with a partner .
mr president , i must start by apologising that i cannot be nearly as dramatic as mr elles in my presentation .
this is for one very simple reason : according to the agreements made in helsinki , this intergovernmental conference will lead to issues , which are currently decided unanimously , being decided by a qualified majority .
however , we agreed to this compromise because it was important to us to enable this programme to be launched very soon indeed .
finally , i would like to congratulate commissioner reding , vice-president imbeni and mr gargani , chairman of the committee on culture , for the firm and intelligent position which , each within his own role , they have maintained during the entire conciliation process .
this is the commission &apos; s own survey .
however , i do wonder about the wisdom of this .
but the question is now : is the european union doing anything about it as well ?
the convention , as you will be aware , also covers the prevention of accidents which have radiological effects and the limitation of such effects when incidents of this kind occur .
mr president , this report is positive but , actually , we need more than this .
many elements of our work , and particularly of my work as commissioner for justice and home affairs , involve protecting the rights of children .
firstly , i agree on the need to guarantee equal conditions for aid to all member states and , secondly , on the need for transparency with regard to this aid .
the members of the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism of course also identify a number of areas of the commission proposal which they would criticise : firstly , for example , the insufficient thematic guidelines laid down for the development partnership activities ; secondly , the fact that strict selection criteria for evaluating the project proposals will only be drawn up only at a later stage by the commission and thirdly , the fear of excessive administrative and technical expenditure on project management by the commission and the technical assistance bodies .
these days , the complete dismantling of end-of-life vehicles is economically viable .
indeed , we must say and keep saying that the erika is one disaster too many .
moreover , i wonder at the reduced guidelines to which the commission wishes to restrict leader + .
surely this must be the ultimate goal .
we need to get into that conciliation position .
our thinking and our future actions must focus on respecting these values , which truly respect gender differences , not on some postulated sexual equality , which has its own intrinsic contradictions .
as we see it , there will be a dovetailing of three mechanisms in the future : a system of independent prior approval by the financial controller , concomitant and follow-up control by the internal audit service - also known as the audit service - which has yet to be set up , and finally , there will be the targeted tracking-down of irregularities by olaf , the new anti-fraud office .
these objectives are obviously intended to make employees as useful and usable as possible to the economy .
mr president , the commission &apos; s resignation has also created a culture of fear amongst many officials within the hierarchy and large bureaucracy .
it is one of the most powerful weapons parliament has and must therefore be deployed with care .
if we are to create a culture of law in europe , then there is no doubt that the law must be applied not only by the commission , by central bodies , but also by national authorities , by national courts .
mr president , i am in the happy position of being able to refer to a couple of striking contributions from a small group of nordic sceptics and opponents of the drastic and growing integration process which , looked long and hard at , threatens the whole of democratic europe .
retrospective law is bad law , it is unfair law and often it is unworkable law .
we all hold the view that competition is vital to the economy and requires there to be efficiency , and i believe we should also permit competition in the regions .
secondly , by adopting this directive we achieve a ) an increase in safety when dangerous goods are both transported and transhipped ; b ) a reduction in distortions of competition resulting from wide variations in national training structures and training costs and c ) equal opportunities for safety advisers on the european labour market .
mr president , my compliments to the rapporteur on a splendid report .
we were offered three ministerial posts - you can read it for yourself in the newspapers - the very party that is being denounced as fascistic here !
in that event we would not have moved forward , but rather backwards , in the application of competition policy in the union .
others may take the view that it would be a valuable exercise if parliament , through nominees or even meps themselves , were able to have an opportunity to discuss what issues should be investigated .
i therefore appeal to the president of this house and the president of the commission for them to stand surety for immediate compensation from the u.s. authorities , and this is in order to uphold the rights of the victims &apos; families .
a conference where the issues are properly debated will make it possible to straighten out misunderstandings , at the same time as perhaps improving upon certain points .
the commission &apos; s proposal does not formally deviate from the monopolies ban but the upshot of this proposal is a transition from a ban with permit reservation to a permit with ban reservation .
we revealed the hollowness of the republicans who were nationalistic , xenophobic and anti-minority .
finally , we call for a change to the balance and method by which the funds are disbursed .
it may be a matter for discussion here and elsewhere and i will listen to any suggestions that are made but my preliminary conclusion is that this authority should be located centrally rather than on the periphery .
in this respect , i would like to say something about the excellent idea put forward by mrs riis-jørgensen and mr huhne of monitoring implementation .
in tampere , the question of granting operational powers was discussed .
how will these people be selected ?
youth , education and cultural policies are important tools for creating these values , for giving the citizens confidence in the european union and making it credible in their eyes .
i can go into that in detail if the honourable member would like but there is no doubt that we are on all fours with the ombudsman on this important issue .
in recent years , these have been amongst the programmes most eagerly accepted by the youngest and most dynamic citizens of the european union .
the free recovery system , for example , for old vehicles and raising the percentage to be recycled will increase recycling activities and the number of jobs this generates accordingly .
that is why , today , we must be understanding alchemists , concerned for our environment .
i understand and welcome that and i hope that the recommendations will be adhered to .
i particularly welcome his recognition of this virtuous circle of having sustained growth : the information society in an expanding european market with the addition of a fully functioning single currency which will give us the opportunity to genuinely promote prosperity , innovation enterprise , the entrepreneurial spirit and yes - most importantly of all - extra-high value sustainable jobs for our european citizens .
clear progress must be visible .
in order to reduce disparities between regions , of course .
for example , the figures for last year now show that the total value of mergers in the european area was eur 1.4 trillion , which is seven times the level of merger activity at the peak of the last european merger boom in 1990 .
the first is a tendency for the commission to embark on very ambitious programmes , particularly in third countries , without sufficient assessment of the practicalities of implementation and proper resourcing .
there are also courts in karlsruhe , london , lisbon , dublin and edinburgh .
mr president , as all the previous speakers have done , i should like in turn to thank mr berend and congratulate him on the quality of his report .
i would not like to have someone coming and saying that these requirements will lead to job losses in the ports .
i would like to highlight the issue of human rights .
the terms of the regulations to be enforced must be particularly clear and strict .
when i launched the white paper last week i said that the shopping trolley is one of the most potent weapons on the face of the earth .
no indications of contamination were found in kosovo during the btf fact-finding mission .
first and foremost , i think it is important that we should establish some clear objectives concerning the condition we should have achieved for our water within a period of no more than 10 years .
that is why i urge you to vote against amendments nos 38 and 45 .
next , we have flags of convenience .
we have just heard commissioner barnier say that he is anxious to communicate better with the people and to aim the information policy of the commission towards the major issues that the community is dealing with this year .
the problems in europe &apos; s urban areas are getting worse ; fortunately , we now have consensus with the commission .
nonetheless , the french members of the union for a europe of nations group feels it cannot approve some of the statements made therein .
the european union needs rules governing environmental liability as a matter of urgency .
that is exactly what it is all about , otherwise we might as well not bother talking about the precautionary principle here , commissioner !
i also know the particular problems in your constituency in scotland where disputes and discussions are occurring on these subjects .
i am confident that commissioner barnier and the president of the european commission will duly consider parliament &apos; s position on the matter , in accordance with the code of conduct .
first , financial management and control within the commission must be improved .
what can one say about a budgetary procedure which involves setting objectives for expenditure rather than a ceiling on expenditure and trying at all costs to find projects in order to spend the approved appropriations , rather than allocating the appropriations to existing projects ?
the chemical industry and society as a whole have to learn to replace these dangerous chemical substances by harmless substitutes , and if this is impossible , to apply them in closed systems .
as for the budgetary provisions within the member states , between central government and internal autonomous regions or countries , these are determined according to exclusively national considerations and are therefore not affected by additionality within the meaning defined in the rules .
it may even be a way of doing extremism a great deal of good .
i understand your concern about the rights of children .
as the representative for a french overseas department , the island of réunion , a land of racial and ethnic intermixing , where the population has been forged in the course of the last three centuries by the successive contributions of europeans , blacks from africa or madagascar , enlisted men from india or pakistan , or even chinese , every day i experience the profound truth of the remark by saint-exupéry , &quot; in being different to me , you are not doing me harm , brother , but enriching me ! &quot;
we must also ensure excellence and transparency .
how can we be sure that those of your colleagues responsible for industrial policy and foreign trade policy , will not , as they did on the last few occasions with your predecessors , keep pulling the carpet from underneath you ?
however , this does not blind us to the fact that the majority of resources - 50-80 % - will be reserved for cross-border cooperation , for interreg iiia .
i do not expect that the board will have any function in directing the scientists how to do their work .
for despite these directives and frequent declarations about the effort which must be made in terms of water protection , when we look at the state of the environment in europe we can see that the objectives have not been achieved .
this is a key priority for us to focus on .
we therefore ask that his programme be a bold one and , if it is , i can assure him that he will have the support of this house in the reform process .
however , we should not condemn mr haider for ambition .
mr president , regarding mrs lynne &apos;s comments yesterday about health and safety in this building , i presume she was talking about the drains because there is a dreadful smell of drains on the fifth floor in the tower .
this damaging situation for employment raises many questions , particularly regarding the information given to the european works council , in existence since 1996 .
the possibility , if necessary , of having additional inspections of animals in these areas is not a question of artificial protectionism or the restriction of freedom of movement , as there really is justification for it .
mr berend , you also mentioned , as did mr aparicio sánchez , the lack of reform in the fisheries sector .
in the age of globalisation , which we do want to facilitate with a framework of specific rules that will provide guarantees to the economic operators and consumers , the european commission cannot forget solidarity , and must call for its implementation through the use of all of man &apos; s spiritual resources in his relations with his fellow man .
the poor turnout at the european elections really should have been warning enough for everyone .
i should like to ask the minister what precisely he is doing about the situation that is developing in ethiopia where there is drought , where the crops have failed , and where , in six months &apos; time , we will inevitably be back to the situation as it was some years ago in ethiopia with famine and people dying in their thousands .
nevertheless , it is still regrettable that the european union , one of the most important financial donors , is still unable to play a major political role in the peace process .
the first proposal for a directive will authorise businesses established in a member state which employ workers who are third country nationals to assign such employees to another member state on a temporary basis to provide services there .
in this context , the criteria by which these rights are to be chosen must be clearly indicated .
one might ask how it is that the current commission is to receive the discharge for its predecessor &apos; s budgetary management - mr camre just mentioned this - particularly as the discharge for the previous year , 1996 , was denied .
it will include a proposal on general food law which will embody the principles of food safety such as responsibility of feed manufacturers , farmers and food operators , traceability of feed , food and ingredients , proper risk analysis through , for instance , risk assessment - that is , scientific advice and information analysis - risk management - that is , regulation and control - risk communication , and application of the precautionary principle if and when appropriate .
indeed when the plan was initially drawn up they said it would be restricted to cases of fraud against the eu budget .
the community initiative programme in each member state must comply with the regulation . this is the same as the social fund regulation , i.e. equal comes under the social fund regulation .
on the face of it these two proposals appear to be implementing certain procedural changes to facilitate freedom of movement across europe and to give effect to the recent court cases mrs berger referred to in her opening remarks .
any failure to produce these certificates must lead to the ship being laid up and prohibited from leaving the port , regardless of all the port charges .
on a personal note , please allow me at this time to congratulate the pirates who , by acting the way they are , are forcing the world to reflect on the only system which is currently unregulated .
there are , of course , cases when state aid can be necessary and legitimate , for example helping companies restructure .
finally , i would like to say that we have to consider safety in all types of transport .
what i learned is that , actually , there is sufficient legislation in place but the problem is the lack of supervision .
this social freedom , which becomes manifest in initiatives favouring the poor , gives excellent results in terms of social justice and stability .
we should ask ourselves to what extent this spending of funds was justified .
it is nonetheless worth emphasising that , each time we make this type of decision , it is good from a broad environmental perspective and it is beneficial because it creates better prior conditions for exploiting the possibilities of the internal market .
the commission is acting correctly if , on a particular point , it believes it must add to its opinion which covers many institutional questions . i am not yet sure that we will do this on article 7 .
in the manifesto of the austrian democratic freedom party , there is nothing to justify the accusations that it is attacking the principles of freedom , democracy and respect for human rights , fundamental freedoms or the rule of law , enshrined in article 6 of the treaties .
i can perform this dual task .
we regret this as there was actually money left over from the structural funds in some countries which could really have helped with pilot projects . we should remember that it is these urban projects which specifically allow a truly urban policy to be established .
we recognise that means discipline on the part of commission officials and we recognise also that we have a responsibility within parliament on discipline when we talk about negative priorities .
a europe of 27 states or a europe of 14 , or even fewer ?
the major problem is not that no measures are being taken against crimes committed against the union but , rather , that these are committed so often and far too seldom discovered .
that is why a ceiling needs to be set for administrative expenditure .
i was very glad to learn last week that the commission is giving close attention over a number of years to the concept of subsidiarity and its reference , not merely to relations between the union and member states , but also the union , the member states , regions and cities .
every right-thinking person in this house believes that these are universal and indivisible without regard to colour , class or creed .
i believe that mrs theato &apos; s report and her proposal can help to reverse this very process and to make clear that the european institutions take steps to ensure that european money is employed in a targeted manner and that no fraud is perpetrated here .
the new initiative will continue to pursue these goals by reinforcing them , while particularly promoting equal opportunities between men and women and integrating socially marginalised and disadvantaged groups .
neither can we fix what the age for a vintage car should be as there are very great differences from one country &apos; s statutes to another &apos; s .
i would therefore like , equally firmly , to express our rejection of the use of violence to resolve differences , which are still no doubt profound , between the parties .
this is the type of mechanism we are continually subjected to when playing the game of european integration with the brussels institutions .
the towns concerned estimate that it will be spread over 40 years .
secondly , it dumps huge costs on the european motor industry which would damage competitiveness and damage employment .
clearly we want to defend the countries of europe but we also want to respect the autonomy of nations .
clearly , any future social action programme should take account of developments , for example within information technology , and , in time , become a modern social action programme .
this week we heard the first political cry of the new-born europe .
it is also necessary to exercise authority as closely as possible to the citizens , where it can be exercised with due transparency and can be monitored by the citizens themselves .
mr president , commissioner , there are just two questions which must be answered .
however , there were obviously problems with the practical administration of the steel aid code over the past few years that were not brought fully to bear in the report .
for this reason , it is right to look at the issue of safeguarding common interests , and to establish better links with legal systems within the individual states .
since we are recovering from a very complex crisis , we must try to enhance our institutions and give them substance .
i commend mr florenz , mr lange and others who have sought from both sides of the party divide a compromise based on shared costs .
progress is particularly marked in portugal and ireland .
in your country , mr bonde , like everywhere else , i believe people are keen for the internal market to work properly under the fairest conditions of competition and movement of goods and people .
in setting up numerous hurdles their sole aim is to hamper an efficient ecological material flow policy and by going down the road of type approvals they seek to delay the implementation of the directives by 12 years or more .
in that way , they end up in our water supplies which , as we all know , are our most vital resource .
of course , every instance of a deprived urban area is a separate case .
may i also venture to raise the matter of peat ?
mr president , there is no doubt that the interreg initiative promotes efforts to achieve economic and social cohesion in the european union .
finally , i consider it a very positive sign that you speak so often about the civil society , although , unfortunately , this is another contradiction .
however , we must be vigilant in the face of global operators , against whom nation-states are no longer able to impose limits .
because , as well as the irreparable damage to the environment , the damage to the ecosystem and losses in the tourist industry , the oil slick dealt a huge blow to the fishing industry , to the conservation of marine resources , and the damaged coast lines will take years to recover .
it is therefore specified that , through the adoption of a regulation , the commission will replace the existing authorisations with authorisations linked to the person responsible for putting the additives into circulation . this will occur at the same time for all the additives in question .
the general impression at present is that anything budget-related within europe is bad .
however , we should look a little more closely at some points .
we must not bow down before the agricultural or chemical industry lobbyists ; on the contrary , we must use our vote to promote and express that fact that we want the polluter pays principle and , hence , cost-covering prices .
i do not know if you are aware , representatives of the council of ministers , of your responsibility over these last few years , and in 2000 as well , for the plight of the families who live on anchovy fishing in the north of the iberian peninsular .
it is crucial to adhere to a limit upon total discharges of chemicals into our waters .
madam president , the importance of transport safety is highlighted on a regular basis in this parliament and rightly so .
mr president , the various motions for resolutions tabled in parliament more or less represent the situation in the middle east .
but here i would like to call on my experience as a lawyer .
i urge you to look seriously at this problem .
in so doing , it is supported by a committee of experts on the transport of dangerous goods under the regulatory procedure .
as meps are well aware , in the course of last year a joint text was issued by our predecessors in the commission , ritt bjerregaard and monika wulf-mathies concerning the relationship between the structural funds , money from the structural funds and protection under the habitats and birds directives .
the european commission believes that this initiative to combat discrimination will help to increase the level of employment of people with special needs and , in the end , to promote the freedom of movement of these persons .
because our states , with the blessing of the community , did not deem it useful to have its own commercial fleet and allowed meticulous shipbuilding know-how to disappear , we no longer have access to the clear traceability of vessels and we can see veritable coffin ships navigating our waters under flags of convenience , drifting according to the short-term interests of the multinationals .
the common position was more feasible since it envisaged 2006 for vehicles already on the road .
that is why we opposed concentrating heavily on large networks and network structures , because we want to promote the small and medium-sized entities and activities performed by individuals ; because we want to see thousands of flowers bloom .
i would lastly like to refer to the amendments on dangerous substances which establish that we must achieve a zero , or close to zero , degree of pollution .
could you please give an answer on this issue ?
personally , however , i shall continue to fight against the extreme right , to urge people to sign a petition to demand measures which may go as far as the exclusion of austria , and to organise a major public demonstration in lille on saturday at 3 p.m.
we will not achieve this just by undertaking a mini reform , as the council has resolved to do , and that is why all institutions must come under scrutiny .
let me give you three examples .
we do not consider that amendments nos 2 and 14 add anything to the directive .
instead , we should be reforming and decentralising control .
even stronger still , however , is the sense of insecurity , the feeling of being unprepared in a new world that is moving forwards , a world which is completely changing , where globalisation will even end up changing our points of reference .
as the committee on equal opportunities , we also stress the need to finance infrastructures that will facilitate professional activity by women , mainly by harmonising their professional and family commitments , and more generally infrastructures that promote solidarity between the generations , social solidarity .
also , amendments nos 4 and 5 to the new article 2a must be approved as these will ensure that genetically modified additives are clearly identified as such , thus allowing users to make fully informed decisions .
therefore , commissioner , we are relying on this interinstitutional dialogue to put the finishing touches to a reform which we are all hoping for and which we believe will lead us to a successful conclusion under your direction and with our cooperation .
in addition to the scoreboard , i would like to anticipate the following initiatives that the commission intends to present during 2000 - and i would like to emphasise that i am delighted the portuguese presidency is treating progress in the area of freedom , security and justice as a priority in its work programme .
the new regulation for cross-border services will doubtless improve both the functioning of the internal market and the competitiveness and power to act of enterprises .
the treaty of amsterdam states quite clearly that , where people &apos; s health is concerned , article 152 is the correct legal base , and may i say to our own committee on legal affairs and the internal market that it is simply not good enough to look at the commission &apos; s proposal and say , there is nothing in it about health and consumer protection , so it has nothing to do with health and consumer protection .
if you cannot tell us for this year , then last year and the year before .
you are being realistic when you say that the welfare state can no longer provide adequate responses to the problems facing us , including unemployment .
the development partnerships are a very clever idea , even though they are experimental .
this is a hugely important component of the system of checks and balances to ensure that member states and operators are complying with community legislation .
it is all the more unacceptable for such a thing to occur twenty years after the amoco cadiz disaster , despite our saying at the time and many times since , &quot; never again ! &quot;
nevertheless , despite these aspects , european citizens are disappointed and concerned : by unemployment which is not falling quickly enough ; by a europe trailing behind in technology , and seemingly falling even further behind , and in particular a scientific sector which is starting to lag a long way behind too ; by the european institutions which appear distant and do not seem to be in step with the times , starting with the commission itself .
we also hope to conduct this initiative in consultation with the national parliaments , local elected representatives , non-governmental organisations , socio-professional organisations and the media .
i personally feel that it is essential to have precise objectives and a proper timetable for implementation .
the aspirations are fine , president prodi , we want those aspirations to be matched by action .
of course it is as you say .
of course , the final trade-offs will be made , as in any institutional negotiations , and i think this is no bad thing , at council level , especially at the level of the council of heads of state and government , who hold the key to the success of this conference in their hands .
anyone travelling to strasbourg by car or by rail would have been able to see for themselves that storms raged in alsace as well .
the second concern which i notice that many of you share - it was first expressed by mr bourlanges , but others have repeated it - refers to the situation regarding the other donors .
mr fruteau , we at least need to recognise that there is growth , and that we are not working in a period of stagnation or recession , as has been the case in the past .
they need a political deal .
then we can work together by the community method to root out this cancer within our midst .
we would like to ensure that there is a reference to this as early as the recitals and that the period within which the council has to make a decision - which is not clearly worded - is set at a maximum of three months .
i regret this since we are having to take action because others have not done their job .
against that background , our group is able to vote in favour of most of the amendments tabled by mrs lienemann , the rapporteur , as adopted in committee .
the european commission should therefore be able to participate in the construction of port and airport infrastructure to provide links between regions .
your parliament may consider measures appropriate to counter that situation and then , madame president and only then , may your parliament consider interfering in the constitutional affairs of a country of the european union .
that is what we expect of you in the next five years .
finally , our last commitment is to improve quality of life .
this report contains general points on what is referred to as the urban regeneration strategy for town centres and neighbourhoods affected by the crisis in the capitalist economy and its consequences , i.e. increasing unemployment , exclusion and delinquency .
mrs avilés-perea , that was an exhortation rather than a question .
your commissioners are clearly not solely responsible for this .
this is why the interreg community initiative was launched in 1990 .
i welcome mr barnier &apos; s statement and i also welcome the measures which the commission has announced .
in promoting cross-border , transnational and interregional cooperation , this cross-disciplinary instrument is the very incarnation of a regional policy on the european scale intended to encourage harmonious and balanced development of the community territory .
we must reduce protective tariffs in order to safeguard effective capacity utilisation in undertakings in the processing industry .
is there anyone who wishes to speak on behalf of these groups in favour of this proposal ?
- ( de ) i am making this statement on behalf of the csu .
having said that , governing means planning . it also means being responsible and , in this new context which has been forced upon us , competition law naturally has an essential role to play .
i think that we have also opted in favour of allowing the budget to be of an adequate size because , if it happens to be cancelled , then surely this does not benefit the citizen .
i come from a country whose southern half is on the mediterranean and the availability of water historically depends on the whims of an unpredictable climate and a difficult terrain .
as i live in the sarre-lor-lux sud region of belgium , i am well aware that the regions are where europe is being created . they are where we live the european experience on a daily basis and where the people make european construction come alive .
it is essential that the commission should have the benefit of parliament &apos;s contribution to the shaping of what would be a key component of raising consumer health protection to a new plane and thereby restoring consumer confidence in the european union &apos;s food safety regime .
mr president , in this important debate on competition , i am speaking this morning with particular reference to mr langen &apos; s document on the steel aid code .
i have some experience in drawing up plans and following them up .
it is time you took your job seriously , it is time for you , as president of the commission , to box the member states on the ears and force them to do their work and fulfil their duties .
that is to say that experts are ever more convinced that climate change and human activities , in general terms , are linked to the increase seen in natural disasters in recent years .
in spain , a policy of full recuperation of water costs would clearly not have the same effect as in the countries of the centre and north of europe .
we should therefore review our policies in order to take account of this fact .
it is not a situation that most people in this parliament want , but we need to be careful about the approach we take , so that we do not in the end up with the opposite of what we are trying to achieve .
this means that we move away from shredding .
parliament asked the commission to waive its excessive privileges .
like many other hundreds of volunteers , she had seen the destruction , washed birds and cleaned up after the people responsible who were not to be found on the coast on those evenings and nights when they really should have been required to be there .
and , i say to madame reding , thank you for the support and the help you have given so far , keep up the good work , we are on your side .
this would at least mean 400 kg times 200,000 km less transportation .
madam president , reforming and democratising the institutions of the european union are central to the historic and moral challenge of the enlargement process .
mr berend , you expressed a wish that zoning should be implemented quickly .
in other words , we should not establish conditionality , or we believe that it is more effective not to establish conditionality from the start , but , nevertheless , we should establish it with regard to the possible liberalisation of the second stage .
i would like once again to thank all who helped in this conciliation process .
we in the confederal group of the european united left / nordic green left therefore want as comprehensive and consistent a set of regulations as is humanly possible in this area .
one of the people assassinated very recently in sri lanka was mr kumar ponnambalam , who had visited the european parliament just a few months ago .
commissioner , please read the opinion of the committee on employment and social affairs and treat it as a matter of priority , because this is our citizens &apos; greatest problem .
the social fund has certainly improved our third-level institutions , financed our post-leaving certificate programmes and put in place comprehensive schemes to help combat youth and long-term unemployment , assist early school leavers and promote higher standards of adult literacy .
funding for energy saving still comes primarily from the member states .
what we have to do , and we in the european union are already doing it , is to guarantee mr kouchner all the necessary resources , and you are right , mr rübig , we have a duty to our citizens to explain to them regularly and openly whether or not these resources are being properly used .
is the commission ready to suspend funding completely , pending a review of the development plans of the area ?
subject : measures to advance gender equality one of the working groups of commissioners announced by president prodi has as its objective the promotion of measures to advance gender equality ( gender mainstreaming ) .
these frontiers stretch as far as african states and the middle east : we must take greater account of the fact that it is also important to develop coastal regions in every part of europe .
ever since we signed this protocol in montreal , we nonetheless have international recognition and a common definition written into a protocol dealing with the environment , health and trade .
interreg serves principally to fund community schemes to develop smes , education and training , cultural exchanges , action to combat health problems , the protection and improvement of the environment , energy , transport and telecommunications networks .
mr president , allow me to ask the commissioner one more question .
further to your questions on the pre-electoral period , i can only repeat my intention that local and regional authorities should be involved together with non-governmental organisations .
the increased participation of our citizens is something i hope and pray for . i would like this participation to be as extensive and productive as possible and i undertake to work to ensure that in the course of the five years covered by the programme it becomes a tangible reality .
the commission must carry on negotiations that are a decisive attempt to have each applicant country join the union as soon as possible .
we think that the task we now have of establishing a european agency is crucial in order to give credibility to the single market , to stabilise confidence in this market , to break down some of the tensions between member states in this area and even - it has to be said - to give the european union a common approach for its dealings with third countries in areas of food safety .
we were therefore also very satisfied with the decisions which were taken on this issue at the helsinki summit in december .
a successive phasing out of state aid is required , and more and more markets must be opened up to competition .
this is the philosophy behind the initiative ; the budget is commensurate with it and our aim is for development agencies , non-governmental organisations and local authorities to be involved as much as possible , so that it can get as close to the people as possible .
none of the subsequent evidence or analysis has overturned that original assessment .
it should be noted that the oil industry , through the international oil pollution compensation funds , regards itself as liable under the 1969 convention and its 1992 protocol , for over 90 % of the estimated cost of this incident , or some usd 170 million .
i am not asking for details or specific points , but i believe that a mention was required .
the key idea involves making qualified majority voting the general rule while modifying the content of this qualified majority to make it a double simple majority , of states and peoples , in order to increase the commission &apos; s room for manoeuvre and reduce that of the minority states .
we would also like a clear job description for each european official so that an official with conscientious objections can more easily object to tasks which are unethical or unlawful .
both leader 1 and leader 2 , which were implemented in the 1990s , were ingredients of the new cap that emerged after its review in 1992 and , along with other respective measures , they constituted the so-termed second pillar of the eu &apos; s rural development policy .
in our society there is no such thing as zero-risk , but we must at least ensure the greatest possible levels of safety .
in committee we thought that it was necessary for the economic and social regeneration of urban areas to go hand-in-hand with the creation of an atmosphere of tolerance towards minorities and therefore for measures designed to reduce racism and xenophobia to be an integral part of programmes to be funded by urban .
we need to have a long memory when we say : &quot; for once we are united , at last as far as port charges and requirements are concerned , and will not play one off against the other in the european union . &quot;
following a letter i received yesterday , i immediately informed the assistants that we would propose that they be allowed to hold a meeting or demonstration , probably in the near future and possibly in the next month .
the things that have given us cause for criticism are not so serious as to stop us wanting to help the people there .
however , after verification it is precisely in this legal manner and specifically according to the post-berlin structural funds regulation that we must define and read the additionality principle .
needless to say , this accords science a great deal of power .
provided that the member state does not reduce all its own expenditure , the structural funds are added to the national expenditure and the principle of additionality is therefore respected .
how would you describe this ?
cultural diversity is important , and it is under threat .
how do you aim to eradicate homophobia , racism and sexism ?
he has just been preaching to the group of the party of european socialists because they went back on a decision taken in a perfectly clear manner at the conference of presidents , and now he is doing just the same .
the day before yesterday i was pleased to hear an interview given by the kfor commander showing how much better matters in connection with this in kosovo were starting to be , particularly as regards security , crime levels had been restored to an acceptable level .
car manufacturers will have to provide information on the rate of re-use , recycling and recovery of used cars which will be achieved in the coming years .
that is my third request - that we look carefully at these measures before passing this measure as a whole .
for some time , we have all agreed on this notion , but we must also clearly affirm that these objectives will not be achieved without enlargement , even if this comes at a price .
we know that we can change this situation , in which women are underrepresented in the science sector , only by means of a policy of educational guidance which will systematically encourage a greater range of career choices for girls and , when they have obtained their degrees , by means of positive measures at the professional level .
the concern involves the pre-accession process for the countries of central and eastern europe , in terms of competition policy and state aid .
however , we cannot carry out tests on nuclear plants which are in operation ; it is just not possible .
how are we going to assess the results of these five years ?
i believe , mr kinnock , that notwithstanding all the success achieved on a personal level , the commission still has quite a lot to do to satisfy our justifiably high expectations .
the most remarkable thing , in my view , is the message conveyed by this proposal : that the commission is anticipating the consequences of enlargement and realising that this necessarily , and virtually automatically , requires reform of the centralised system .
the increase in vulnerable areas , both wet and dry , inequalities between countries , inequalities between different regions within countries and unusual climatic , economic , geographical and geological events are all the evidence we need . however , these must not lead to competition distortions within the community .
it was raised quite recently in the environment council by a number of ministers who want the commission to look at what basis there might be for a ban and at what might need to be done .
agreement on burden sharing must therefore be at the top of the agenda .
according to the commission , external policy can succeed , provided everyone knows exactly who is in charge !
furthermore , the tripartite relationship of commission , council and parliament must be restored to the sphere of foreign and security policy , where hitherto the council was in sole charge far more than should have been the case , especially in relation to the crudely fashioned crisis management measures , for which the commission alone has responsibility .
by approving this amendment , we take account of the fact that it can be very cold in the northern parts of the european union .
turning now to the most important of our proposed amendments , one of the essential differences is that , in place of a &quot; service provision card plus notification for each individual contract &quot; system , provision is no longer made for being able to request the previous notification from the receiving state for each individual contract .
we must resolve this issue , because it is important that consumers should regain confidence in the food they eat .
we will not put up with it for much longer and we are looking for immediate action on that issue .
a laborious conciliation procedure would entail an unnecessary delay , at the expense of the environment .
we need an independent judiciary - this would certainly be difficult to establish - , we also need funds for the office of high commissioner for human rights .
in areas of high seismic risk , it is not enough just to have secure , earthquake-proof buildings . speaking as an engineer , i can tell you that we carry out tests to investigate the effects of certain risk factors in extreme circumstances .
madam president , whoever has the honour , like myself , to chair the committee on culture , cannot fail to agree with the comments from various members and can but congratulate the rapporteur , and commissioner reding , with whom he worked and who , even during the conciliation process , had difficult moments and opposed the council - you have heard this said by everyone .
over the coming years , faced with the challenges of globalisation and eastward enlargement , europe will , more than ever before , require appropriate detailed guidance on how to plan and revitalise its economy .
on 26 november 1999 , the european commission approved a package of measures to combat discrimination .
with regard to governance in general , i believe it might be worth thinking in theoretical terms .
these two proposals contribute considerably to the implementation of one of the four key principles of the internal market for the freedom to provide services .
poverty and wealth used to depend more on means of livelihood .
yet is this really how we will reconcile the people and european construction ?
they are growing , but only in terms of gdp .
with regard to the first area - new forms of governance for europe - you already know that the commission has undertaken to produce a white paper and not a full legislative text since , in the light of major issues which are changing the structure of the way we interact , the commission is first of all preparing for a debate ; we will subsequently discuss the content with you ; this will give rise to a policy document , and finally , a legislative document .
i will conclude , mr president , by saying that the failure of the commission &apos; s communication to focus on territorial pacts and , especially , methods of combating unemployment among women and young people , is cause for serious concern .
however , this technical amendment is not the correct instrument to introduce such initiatives .
it is before parliament for second reading .
we all know that there are still various parts of the treaty , some of them very old , which are still referred to as ec .
is the commission considering taking any action to allow in-house lawyers in all member states legal privilege ?
the conservative government leaders messrs major and kohl decided in a cosy fireside chat at the edinburgh summit that it was totally unnecessary for the spanish to receive drinking water supplies which were as good as those of the germans or english .
will israel share jerusalem and the water of the river jordan ?
all the same , whether or not more issues will be considered must in no way diminish the importance attributed by every member state to the intergovernmental conference .
interreg appropriations may be used to make our regions into veritable european union bridgeheads into these geographical areas , giving it worldwide scope .
it is to take new ideas and try them out in leader , with the participants on the ground , with the local organisations on the ground , with many non-governmental organisations , with the churches , with all those who have helped actually to get new ideas up and running in rural communities .
i should point out that the funds available for regions with problems account for one third of the total budget .
in connection with the issue of state aid , i would also like to take up one of the points raised by mrs riis-jørgensen , among others regarding repayment of illegal aid .
these initiatives must also involve the participation of local authorities and local communities in an effort to identify where best european structural funds should be spent .
as a result , the commission services are not systematically informed of all projects selected .
despite the steps taken thus far , these levels are still very high , and are unacceptably high as regards unemployment .
my question to the commissioner is this : what is to be done ? will the commission remain silent ?
i would also like to consider the paradoxical situation we have with regard to emergency aid .
the rapporteur and the report are right to start from the premise that we should , and must , provide help swiftly , however it is also right to start from the premise that we will not provide help indefinitely or at random .
lasting peace in the region can only be achieved by means of an agreement which guarantees the security of the israeli borders , as well as syria &apos; s integrity .
having said this , madam president , i am prepared , once again , to be a voice crying in the wilderness as a result of the absence of a fishing policy .
we must not , with this in mind , pursue a strategy of separating the objective of preventing a deterioration in the state of surface water and groundwater from the objectives of protecting , improving and restoring their quality , as this would create a superfluous hierarchy of priorities detrimental to the overall functioning of interventions and specific measures that target a combined approach and the use of the best available techniques .
these are what are missing .
mr president , on behalf of the pse group , i welcome the fact that we have reached an end result in the conciliation procedure for the altener ii programme .
and so i would like to repeat my question as to whether the council intends to take more specific action to debate these issues with mr kouchner , who has a major responsibility for the situation in kosovo today .
firstly , i should like to ask the commissioner - and i am convinced that my request will fall on fertile ground - to ensure that more attention is paid to the issue of safety , be it on the roads , on the waterways or at sea .
this report is essentially a primitive text with no inspiration other than the law of the jungle , for it is not competition that can solve the problems facing humanity at this turn of the century .
fourthly , and lastly - and this has already been mentioned - the international legal order has changed .
here , a region has , by its own efforts , created a means of marketing its own products .
however , as mr graefe zu baringdorf has said in his report , this is first and foremost a consumer policy matter .
europe is showing that it has not forgotten auschwitz ; europe is coming face to face with the suffering of the past .
as for fishing , there is nothing in your programme to tell us that the predatory exploitation of fishing grounds , which has gone as far as to wipe out entire species of fish , will certainly prove fruitful in the future .
it is not easy to combine those aims . there is no obvious way .
there is state aid for businesses - we have already discussed this , there is still a strong public presence in the economy - it is estimated that the italian treasury controls 15 % of stock exchange capitalisation ; governments and central banks place obstacles in the way of mergers and acquisitions ; and there has been much talk in recent weeks about vodafone &apos; s bid for mannesmann and the bailout of holzmann .
we do not want to make the conditions of competition worse for some countries unilaterally and improve them for countries such as austria or other transit countries .
it is essential to establish a single european system , but one based on fairness , full respect for the geneva convention and decent reception conditions , including an end to routine detention .
it would be even better if they were involved to a greater extent in the processes of framing and implementing the programmes concerned , otherwise it will be difficult to determine and defend their role in relation to the local and national authorities and even the citizens .
also the type of project funded needs to be shifted away from small-scale revenue-based projects , which are hard to monitor , towards capital schemes where , in the majority of cases , the benefits are there for all to see .
the commission suggests shorter deadlines .
if the council had worked as quickly as mr brok then we would certainly be a great deal further on .
this is the reason for the request which we are putting forward again to establish a management unit for structural assistance in the member states , which would coordinate the implementation and administration of aid .
we have calculated that the cost of recycling cars does not constitute more than one per cent of the price of a new car .
so although i may not share his conclusions , i believe he has illustrated in his report many of the issues which the commission must address .
the council ?
we have been working on this subject for ten years and a comprehensive approach was only made possible as the result of a hearing arranged and held by the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy in 1994 .
this , unfortunately , is not the case in ireland .
the plight of small businesses is also addressed by numerous amendments from the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy and also the amendments in question from our group to article 5 concerning costs .
this is a generalised tendency , sparing neither the rhône-alpes , nor alsace .
i know that this is a difficult report and that the differing situations of countries cause difficulties , but we must move forward with a framework directive which will prevent a repetition of what is happening on the danube and what happened in doñana .
it is therefore necessary to modernise competition policy .
but in that case , not only sweden , but all eu countries , should then be subject to a total ban on alcohol .
i believe that it is important for the community initiative to be able to begin on time and therefore for the report to receive overwhelming support so that the commission is also obliged to take into consideration the constructive proposals made by the european parliament , because parliament put the appropriations for equal in the reserve precisely so as to ensure that members &apos; ideas were also reflected in this community initiative .
that is an issue for consideration and discussion .
( pt ) the commission &apos; s main instruments for overcoming regional disparities are the structural funds and the cohesion fund . it is therefore crucial that the european parliament drafts its broad indicative guidelines without threatening the principle of subsidiarity , given that establishing the development strategy for each country falls to the respective member states .
this body , for example , alongside the recently established cross-border body in ireland for food safety , is already doing good work .
these include a comprehensive information gathering and surveillance function , the coordination of scientific information in the eu , and building up strong networks with food safety agencies and bodies in member states .
mr kinnock will present his proposal next month .
in my view , most definitely not unless such rejection of the scientific arguments were soundly based , rationally argued and fully justified .
i would like to appeal to those ministers not to cast doubt upon that agreement which was really very difficult to reach .
enlargement of the union is just a few years away .
the scandalous concentration of power in sectors of strategic importance is giving speculative multinational groups economies the size of entire states , and member states of the union at that .
it is not worthy of being brought into this report either .
this text says nothing about the major democratic and political problems involving monetary union and the european central bank . this is untenable .
first of all , mr president , can i thank the commissioner for that very useful response .
by stressing , primarily , the quality of the information provided , our debate in committee , and hence the report which it is my honour to present to you , avoided a simplistic response in the form of an a priori statement that the level of state aid was , in absolute terms , either too high or not high enough .
report ( a5-0010 / 2000 ) by mrs ahern , on behalf of the european parliament delegation to the conciliation committee , on the joint text approved by the conciliation committee for a european and council decision adopting a multiannual programme for the promotion of energy efficiency - save ( c5-0334 / 1999 - 1997 / 0371 ( cod ) )
on 15 march the committee published its first report concluding that : &quot; it is becoming difficult to find anyone who has even the slightest sense of responsibility &quot; .
the second question concerns the reversed burden of proof .
mr president , commissioner , in the committee on employment and social affairs , we upheld unanimously the criterion that it was of strategic importance and a matter of priority to support the interventions of the structural and cohesion funds which are working for a better opportunity for jobs for the unemployed and for equality between men and women .
they have now got to grips with &quot; eu &quot; .
i say now , as i have said on numerous occasions in the past : yes , i too would like the commission to propose a positive list which we can then debate and deal with in this house , but we do at least need a starting point for a positive list of additives in feedingstuffs .
this , commissioner , is the first commandment for the coming period .
given this situation , the report approved by parliament must highlight the need for measures that aim unequivocally to fight relative poverty and unemployment : measures such as the appropriate use of structural funds for these purposes , which are often misspent , with centralised state policies and the modernisation of telecommunication and communication systems , with the particular aim of integrating the least developed regions into the trans-european rail networks , which are due in 2007 .
we have had problems in the past in terms of our responsibility in carrying out discharge because we have not had access to the documents we should have had .
we too are concerned about this lack of democracy , and the commission has therefore decided to launch the &apos; dialogue on europe &apos; in order to play its part in this direct contact with the people . this initiative will be launched on the day after the opening of the intergovernmental conference .
europol , involving police cooperation , does not rank above the national police forces , but is there for the purpose of exchanging information between police forces .
this is an issue that we will no doubt be reconsidering on a number of occasions in the future .
as members of the committee on legal affairs and the internal market , we have followed the creation of that institution and it is clear that it was established for electioneering reasons .
by setting out in some detail how the commission applies , and intends to apply , the precautionary principle , we hope to be able to clarify the situation at community level and to contribute to the ongoing debate at european and international level .
we have had the dioxin scare , bse and many other problems .
generally speaking , there are other lessons to be learnt from what is happening in austria . i have myself suggested various possible responses to this challenge which serves to remind us all once more what we have been doing together since 1957 .
recent events have shown us that these regulations are essential .
we now know that resistance to antibiotics poses a very serious threat to people &apos;s health , particularly in the case of small children .
thank you , mr segni , i shall do so gladly .
commissioner , it must be made clear that we support unmik and the institutions set up by the united nations , in particular pillar 4 of course , and it will not do for us to support the parallel structures that have formed in kosovo and are still in place .
our own staff policy is outdated .
the commission &apos; s white paper on modernising competition policy seems more like a discussion paper .
it is interesting for me , as a new member of parliament , to see that the budget provides for hundreds of millions of euros annually for tobacco cultivation .
so , whether this is to be a government programme or a potential programme , the breakdown of the document you distributed to us and of the accompanying speech is not much more than a list of good intentions , or rather a list of issues on the table . it does not , however , give us the impression that the commission is taking a clear position on any of these points , but that it is just doing the european commission &apos; s duty .
in fact , in my own constituency of stockholm , we have many good local examples of increased supply and improved quality which have arisen precisely because of exposure to competition in areas which were previously total monopolies .
in the english version we refer to pharmaceutical and scientific organisations .
secondly , the approval of investments - where the parameters are binding when drawing up action programmes on employment - to be made in individual countries via community projects in the priority sectors of research , innovation and training .
the political priorities must be set by this house and the meps .
but , most importantly , it is only ever man that makes the mistakes as far as the nature-mankind relationship is concerned - despite the fact that the same mistakes have often been made down through the centuries - and never nature , for nature cannot make mistakes .
we want in particular to see the hard-working and highly competent norm for commission officials acknowledged in the outside world - a reputation that has been darkened by the inappropriate conduct of a few individuals .
( the sitting was closed at 9.55 p.m. )
i should like to express my great appreciation of mrs lienemann &apos; s work on this matter .
what it says it that one of two things may apply , i.e. either the legislation in the host country or the collective agreements which have been declared to be the rules universally applicable to a specific sector .
they are the first but they are not the only subjects , mr seguro , that the conference must deal with .
i have noticed how the principle of a necessary culture at european organisational level has been firmly asserted , but there are few opportunities to address all the requests that the european states will make .
finally , i have certainly believed for a long time , coming from an agricultural background myself , that if we had fed the animals the proper food and if the animal feedstuffs had been made up of the proper compounds we would never have had bse in the first place .
firstly , the promotion of and participation in the drafting of joint plans for the creation of an integrated services network in the transport and energy sectors , with the backing of the european investment bank .
i know there has been an analysis of the implications for the commission of the change .
this solution is unacceptable because these car manufacturers have not had the opportunity to build the environmental demands we are making of them today into their manufacturing procedures and their manufacturing costs .
i am very concerned about certain amendments from parliament which bring the absolutely basic pillars of the present proposal into question .
finland &apos; s experience , however , is that integration , rather than isolation , is the better way of combating antidemocratic forces .
genuine transparency of the institutions &apos; workings and the way they are presented throughout europe is an extremely important issue and one which , in my opinion , needs to be studied again , particularly in the context of the forthcoming intergovernmental conference . we have no doubts about this and we think that the members taking part in this preparatory group will have an opportunity to raise this issue again .
the renovation project , which lasted for months , cut off this important route between the north and south of europe .
however , there are some amendments which attempt to help the countries of the south , specifically amendment no 43 which , with regard to the recuperation of costs , also indicates that member states must take into account the social and environmental conditions of the countries when it comes to decision making .
i would say the same about amendment no 2 , which we would also accept with a slight modification , since the idea seems to us to be basically correct .
i am thinking of the contributions from mr bonde and mr sjöstedt who point out that the present contribution contains a string of relatively unconscious but undoubtedly rational initiatives dictated by the desire for power and pointing in the direction of a centralist and federalist eu .
as you know , commissioner , our report argues that the codecision procedure should apply in the case of basic legislation on state aid .
in fact , according to the experts , the oil the erika was carrying was supposed to sink to the bottom and should never have reached the coast .
furthermore , three quarters of our farm workers are part-time and require supplements to their incomes .
it is obvious to me that the regional and local authorities , and their representative bodies , the committee of the regions and , of course , the european parliament should have been involved in the clearest way possible and at the earliest possible opportunity framing this programme .
by means of amendments adopted in committee , parliament has tried to supplement the commission &apos; s work , by including new elements in the list of areas targeted for aid , and in particular external border areas and maritime border areas in southern europe .
as important is the fact that austria &apos; s forces of democracy should be given support , as none of us wishes to isolate the country .
an ad hoc directive should therefore be demanded from the european parliament and the council .
as for me , i can say , after having debated it in the college of commissioners , that the commission is prepared to present the necessary legislative measures , amendments and directives to parliament and the council , in order to equip ourselves with the greatest possible level of safety .
but would you , commissioner , also be in a position to give an undertaking that if and when the agenda is enlarged by the council you would report this to parliament so that we could discuss it amongst ourselves and indeed with you , with the intention of continuing that dialogue with the citizens on which you have laid such stress ?
in this regard , i liked your term , mrs palacio vallelersundi : we must all pull together , preferably in the same direction .
no specific target date for the implementation of this principle was included in the common position .
it is a question of doing what is technically possible ; obviously it is not possible to do anymore , but we must be sufficiently ambitious .
in my opinion , this is the only way if we want to gain the approval of the people with regard to europe and their interest in europe too .
i shall also refer the matter to the college of quaestors , and i am certain that they will be keen to ensure that we comply with the regulations we ourselves vote on .
this is particularly valid for the region of the azores which i have just mentioned and also for all most remote regions . it is also valid for certain regions handicapped by their isolation due to mountains , for example .
the settlers at the golan heights will demand to be compensated and there will have to be guarantees of security .
as to the healing effect of alcohol - to which , i believe , mr posselt also made reference - i could not agree more with him : i think that a good bottle of wine can be extremely good for your health and is also socially extremely pleasant , and perhaps mr posselt , mr andersson and myself could meet in the bar of this parliament one of these days to share an aquavit .
in reaching an agreement with jörg haider and his party , the austrian christian democrats would at a stroke be confirming political respectability on right wing extremism and also giving them access to power - both of which they will utilise as a launching pad for even greater electoral success .
i feel that the french authorities - which have the honour of housing the european parliament in strasbourg - should be aware of their responsibility to ensure adequate connections with all the capitals of the union .
and we must make certain that the details are applicable , appropriate and relevant to the different countries .
these days , someone who lives in an old people &apos; s home is accommodated within the social field .
i hope that the next time you ask me the question , i will be in a position to give you more detailed information .
do you really believe that , if we could , parliament would permit labelling to be left off feedingstuff additives within the european union ?
these amendments will be supported by the group of the party of european socialists since they effectively reconcile all the interests involved - economic interests and environmental constraints - while granting member states the freedom to select the means to implement these constraints , since these amendments envisage that the systems in place in the members states , and some of them work perfectly well , will be able to continue to operate .
mrs de palacio will open the debate on behalf of the commission .
mr president , the majority of the borders , which have divided europe for centuries , were artificially created , separating single geographic spaces and creating serious disparities in terms of balanced development and cohesion .
this policy would have important economic consequences for the fishing industry in brittany in that catches could be unloaded at irish advance bases in order to then be transported to the breton agri-foodstuffs industry .
that does not prevent these member states from taking public-order measures within the framework of the proposed duty of notification .
the commission decides whether the member states may impose certain rules of their own .
amendments nos 1 and 5 make reference to the phenomenon of market failure because the market instrument in itself does not result in the ideal society .
for the cars currently on the road , it would be reasonable to share the cost , for example by setting up a fund such as that in the netherlands .
i withdraw the two other amendments - that is amendment no 18 to the report on self-employed persons and amendment no 21 on employed persons .
according to unifil , there are now concrete signs that israel is preparing to withdraw , which is something we welcome .
the commission is currently carefully reviewing the united states &apos; arguments .
the council must start by at long last ensuring that eurodac is adopted in order to create the basic requirement for classifying asylum seekers .
the council therefore reiterates its opinion that fishing pressure would be greater and more damaging to population numbers than the solution which was eventually chosen .
as the equal initiative is a joint funding venture with the member states , what will greece &apos;s contribution amount to ?
it must be stressed that in order to become eligible under the leader programme , local operators have combined forces , debated and prepared projects .
under article 88 , the commission is obliged to supervise state aid .
may i take this opportunity to remind you that previous resolutions concerning the nitrates directive have still not been implemented in all member states , in spite of the fact that there is a common eu resolution .
in addition , we as a european parliament are going to have to take action in relation to economic and monetary union , for there is a lack of supervision in this area .
the law must be correctly applied in matters of competition .
it is imperative that national governments lend their full support to improving energy efficiency and developing renewables .
an important part of this directive is the issue of what to do with used parts .
subject : commission &apos;s plans for presentation of a new social action programme it is important that the commission present as soon as possible a new social action programme , setting out a specific plan with a timetable for implementation for both the legislative work in the area of social security and initiatives for framework agreements in the context of the &apos; social dialogue &apos; .
france contributes 17 % of the european budget yet will receive only 8 % of the regional structural funds .
the european parliament has delivered an opinion on the commission guidelines for the interreg community initiative concerning cross-border , transnational and interregional cooperation .
we think they should .
amongst these , firstly , is the fact that , despite trying to modernise articles 81 and 82 , article 81 and not article 82 carries exclusive weight .
in the fifth place , we need there to be a guarantee that these demands will apply to all ships using the ports and waterways of the european union , and incidentally , that includes the candidate countries .
it would be unlikely to have much impact on the chinese authorities and we already have effective channels of communication with the tibetan community in exile .
we need independent procedures and procedures involving public control .
are you prepared to act upon it ?
the commission should react quickly in this respect .
this is what is and was meant by the call for a european constitution .
( sv ) thank you , mrs schörling .
compare it with what happens in december .
we need a body of food law , as you have said , and we need to agree this together .
you stated that the new european government requires strong institutions , while the commission wants to focus at the same time on its core tasks .
an efficient procedure for issuing cards implies that companies which provide cross-border services can also exercise their rights in concrete terms on the basis of the internal market .
may i say how the commission welcomes the european parliament &apos; s support for the two proposals on the freedom to provide services and on third-country employees , the topic of the debate .
fifthly , the importance and role of small and medium-sized businesses . mr vatanen expressed this most forcefully just now .
mr president , commissioner , in the course of this pivotal year , prior to the changeover to the single currency , the commission has deployed every effort to ensure the birth of the euro in a favourable environment .
so what we are looking for is cooperation between local groups , between local authorities and between countries in order to exchange experiences ; that is mainly what we are looking for , and for experience to be transferred from one country to another so that it can be emulated .
as regards eliminating the pollution generated by dangerous substances in the aquatic environment , an optimum approach should provide a regulation at both national and community levels , which enables clearer identification of the various classes of bodies of water polluted as a result of human production activities .
is that really authorised ?
we have to remedy that .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , interreg is one of the most european of all the structural funds .
will it make it a condition that negotiations can only start if the blockade is lifted because , in the final analysis , we are all neighbours and we want to cultivate positive neighbourly relations inside the european union ?
mr president , madam commissioner , congratulations , mrs lienemann on an excellent piece of work .
whistle-blowers who act in good faith must be protected .
since no one wishes to speak , i shall put this proposal to the vote .
i can assure you here today that the commission , in exercising its risk management functions , will fully take account of the scientific advice of the authority .
the white paper requires only a single aspect of the issue to be re-examined : the exchange of confidential information .
there is one point about the impact for firms which is of great importance .
as far the commission and the legal affairs committee are concerned , it comes under competition .
so , for example , the island of réunion is located on a trade axis between the countries of southern africa and those of south-east asia .
- ( fr ) the commission &apos; s white paper on the modernisation of the rules implementing articles 85 and 86 of the ec treaty ( now 81 and 82 ) certainly does not propose any &quot; renationalisation &quot; of competition policy , as some members of the european parliament fear .
we now have available to us a working paper from the commission &apos; s services on a breakthrough campaign , which is in fact a crucial element of this community strategy .
one can only hope that it succeeds .
further steps to build a strong europe will be to no avail if the european peoples perceive that there is no adequate system of democratic accountability for over-zealous officials .
if a particular member state was to declare that it had suddenly run into problems because the individual concerned had committed a theft and the card was for their country , then this particular member state would be able to revoke this card , as it were , for the reasons cited in this directive , which is altogether a flexible and intelligent solution .
that should be the starting point for our efforts .
absolutely , mr napolitano . thank you .
within the committee on economic and monetary affairs , the jonckheer report has given rise to bitter controversy on the subject of the operation of the market .
i signed a letter yesterday afternoon , in the meeting of the bureau of parliament , in which the assistants were informed of this .
the fact that the group of the party of european socialists is very much in agreement with your report is clearly demonstrated by the fact that only one amendment has been presented during this procedure .
i would like to point out that , within this broad consensus , there were some groups which said that the majority of parliament should form an opposition to the majority of the council .
in line with the usual procedure , it is the european committee for standardisation ( cen ) which puts forward standards in this area , and they are then integrated in to the european agreement concerning the international carriage of dangerous goods by road signed in geneva in 1957 ( known generally as adr ) , applicable throughout europe , whose terms and conditions form the basis for the legislation applicable within the eu .
in our view , however , in both respects , greater room for manoeuvre should be left to the administration of the united nations which , on the ground , is more aware of the reality than we are .
have we achieved results ?
the european commission &apos; s sixth report presents very valuable conclusions .
however , it is true that it does not need a big majority of the scientific community to be able to use the precautionary principle .
mr president of the commission , this is indeed an historic moment for parliament , a five-year programme following the crisis of the commission .
i have said , furthermore , that i would play my part by visiting each of the national parliaments .
a big responsibility rests with the united nations because they are addressed with this report , so they have to take responsibility .
i believe that the public will start to show more interest in politics if we can tackle the major issues alongside the day-to-day ones .
mr president , commissioner , my compliments to mrs lienemann on her excellent work on the water directive .
this , however , does not seem feasible .
but i still wonder if we do not run the risk of ending up in a kind of echternach procession where we will have to take one step back before we are able to take two steps forward .
i believe parliament should support these forces of democracy .
these areas of our cities are often home to single-parent families , elderly people who receive a pension and no longer carry out productive activity , and families facing difficulties ; sometimes they are families which have broken down and which are excluded from mainstream society .
the principle also concerns water charging .
however , mr kinnock , your presentation to the committee on budgetary control this coming tuesday must not just be a one-way street ; rather , as parliamentarians , we want , and must , play a part in this and it also goes against my understanding of politics when i find that yet another press conference has taken place this week , before we have had chance to carefully discuss the submission in the competent committee on budgetary control .
this should not be taken as a criticism of the court or of its staff , rather of the court &apos; s structure and its lack of resources in a growing european union .
instead , there is a need for proper internal control and the ability to sack people more easily .
you mentioned &apos; women &apos; in your speech , but they are not referred to in the context of the strategic goals .
subject : articles 6.1 , 7.1 and 7.2 of the treaty on european union article 6.1 of the treaty states that the union is based on principles of liberty , democracy , respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms .
the recent dioxin scare in belgium , prior to that the bse crisis in britain , and the continuing controversy over the safety of genetically-modified foods , have all contributed to undermining consumer confidence in the safety of the food they eat .
the finnish presidency only listened to minimalist governments and , unfortunately , turned a deaf ear to this parliament .
even america has now said that it is considering breaking off diplomatic relations .
in this respect , we should heed the words of von eieck , and doubtless also those of the great italian liberal bruno leoni , who warned precisely against the risks of an abnormal increase in anti-competition policies .
fourthly , i would like to be informed of why the commission does not choose to apply the invalidity penalty in the case of evident infringements of the competition rules .
i passionately defend europe &apos; s heritage of human rights and the rule of law .
it is an extremely moving account , not just of his responsibilities in and towards tibet but also of his spiritual views as well .
mr barnier has the floor on behalf of the commission .
this state of affairs must be encouraged so that women have a chance to secure managerial posts or reach high-ranking positions in the environmental field .
we will be looking at the extent to which we can create an equilateral policy triangle combining economic policy , employment policy and social policy .
the selection criteria and the activities that are subsidised under leader do , in the best case , moderate some partial problems of the countryside , which are of secondary importance , but in the worst case they degenerate into expenditure for the sake of public relations and pandering to conscience .
next week i will go to the bundestag in berlin .
the progress made will not be due to the commission nor to the council , nor even to the european parliament , but to a combination of european institutions and to the member states themselves , in as much as - as has already been pointed out here - specific tasks on the scoreboard will be entrusted to the member states under the principle of subsidiarity .
the overall plan failed to do justice to any of this .
parliament knows how important we all consider the question of transparency in competition policy , as i did right from the moment i had my hearing , on 1 september , in the committee on economic and monetary affairs .
what we need here is good government , madam president .
i am deliberately stating this at the beginning of my intervention to make it clear that there is in fact an alternative view to that of the committee responsible , the committee on employment and social affairs .
there are only a few weeks to go before the elections .
mr president , commissioner , i would like to thank mr langen for his excellent work in this important matter .
i had discussions with municipal leaders from both communities , including the leader of the albanian side who had himself in the past been a doctor and was generally recognised for the medical work he had done during the hostilities and subsequently .
citizens of europe expect the european institutions to be properly managed and they are right to do so .
i have received 8 motions for resolution , in accordance with rule 37 ( 2 ) , to close the present commission statement .
numerous questions are still outstanding .
unfortunately , we can expect there to be repeat performances of this kind of major disaster in the future .
the urban dimension must be incorporated much more deeply in all the structural funds .
that is deeply disturbing .
i am sure that in this way the european parliament will not be just an observer at these negotiations any more than the commission will be .
my second question concerns the burden of proof .
these guarantee - making no claim to be exhaustive - a minimum of 3 things . no tanker or freighter fit only for the scrap heap must ever put into any harbour within the european union again .
the erika shipwreck is a truly european issue , firstly because it is disfiguring and polluting some of the most beautiful beaches in europe , with extremely serious consequences for tourism , people who earn their living from the sea and environmentalists , and also because the underlying issue is the regulation and monitoring which ought naturally to be on a european scale .
i believe they gave him 28 % of the vote so there is going to be a coalition government .
today , this green position is being threatened under pressure from , in particular , the german and french car industries .
the legislation should also have written into it the fact that the international conventions , such as the ospar convention must be respected .
the reason for this decrease is unfair competition from south korea and taiwan , in the case of steel , as a result of their different working conditions and conditions governing aid .
what i can say is that i hope that this building will now be occupied as soon as possible .
ultimately , the polluter must pay .
just as the court of justice recognised in its order of 3 may 1996 , the iron and steel industry is particularly sensitive to disturbances to its competitive operation .
it will not be tolerated , and must stop immediately .
however , if it is a union of culture , civilisation and participation , then it becomes a living thing .
as i have already said , the commission is aware of its own responsibilities and it is accordingly putting the finishing touches to an initial proposal for a scoreboard so that the institutions and other interested parties can assess the progress made in implementing the required measures and in complying with the deadlines set down in the treaty of amsterdam , in the vienna action plan and in the conclusions of the tampere european council .
subject : depleted uranium weapons has the commission conducted any studies of the potential effects upon eu states of transboundary pollution arising from the use of depleted uranium weapons in the kosovan conflict ?
how negotiations are proceeding there , we still do not know .
we are at last holding it and cannot let this opportunity slip through our fingers .
nobody is asking for a christmas tree .
we can therefore welcome its adoption .
i should just like to point out once again that the joint text still holds good .
more generally , those signatories who take part in or have taken part in government in the various states of the european union must take their share of responsibility in the influence which the extreme right has managed to gain since their policy , devoted exclusively to the interests of big business , has not included taking action likely to eradicate unemployment and the poverty it engenders , and has thus facilitated the xenophobic demagoguery of the extreme right .
mr president , just before i went down into the chamber , i received an e-mail with a quite emotional description from a swedish woman who had chosen to spend new year &apos; s eve on the french coast in brittany instead of staying at home and celebrating with her relatives .
we have established the single currency - which is extremely positive - and we are facing enlargement .
we think leader + will be even more ineffectual than leader 1 and leader 2 , for the following reasons .
i am delighted that it is being discussed in parliament , but i also note the compromises and the omissions in it .
we can no longer take care of these matters at the end of a product &apos; s life-cycle . instead , we should avoid creating so much waste .
it is in this spirit that i have three criticisms to make . these must be taken into account if we are truly to shape the new europe , as proclaimed ambitiously by the title of the commission document and mr prodi &apos; s speech and do so in reality not rhetoric .
both concern cases with decisions pending before the court of justice .
by entrepreneurship i do not simply mean the ownership of business , but creating will .
a flexible eu which concentrates on fewer but important areas and which respects national differences and national democracy has a better chance of embracing a significantly greater number of countries .
but why pay attention to such detail as basic diplomatic niceties in the face of a tough negotiation process over territory ?
however , in order for such an effort to succeed it is necessary to secure the commitment and participation of the public as a whole and to enlist the support of the less active social groups and the groups particularly affected by the economic and social crisis .
we must give them this opportunity .
quotas are not , therefore , the only parameter in the matter of environmental compatibility , just one of many .
the member states do not always have sufficient means at their disposal to address this deprivation adequately .
for example , uncontrolled migration has not been given sufficient consideration .
and finally , mr president , frankly , i am not going to give examples , but there are many cases in which legal language is used with an alarming lack of accuracy .
we are setting the commission a massive task , not least in the drawing up of the scoreboard .
yet , every year we have the same problem .
this indeed , is the aim of the sixth steel aid code , but at the same time it is important to avoid any infringement of the conditions of competition and any serious disturbance of the markets , hence the importance of regulating such aid .
if parliament votes in favour of the committee on budgetary control &apos; s proposal this week and grants discharge , then the commission must not take this to be a blank cheque .
in all other areas , i believe that subsidiarity is also relevant to this discussion .
it also has a long-term effect on thinking when it comes to the use of these sorts of weapons .
it is shameful !
the functionalist approach has brought us to this point .
this combination of instruments enables us to implement a policy of rural development which today , furthermore , is one of the ways in which the common agricultural policy - in one of its dimensions - and regional policy also , have developed and changed .
however , forgive me if i am a little sceptical of the reply you have just given me .
this situation will not come about by the very creation of the authority but will evolve over time as confidence is gained in the authority itself .
there is in particular one amendment , let me point out , concerning the energy sector , which , in my capacity as rapporteur , i see as particularly important .
in the designation of local urban programmes we need to make good use of local indicators and statistics on deprivation and health to enable us to more effectively target the most affected areas .
in reality , however , the commission communication does not contain a single provision for the member states with these integrated approaches for social and employment policy aspects .
it explains the ground swell of amendments which were tabled by the committee on the environment : nearly one hundred amendments for the second reading .
in essence , we are , of course , in favour of this leader + community initiative .
when projects are implemented , it is also important that they do not contravene general community legislation .
it has been said more than once : justice delayed is justice denied .
within the framework of the action plan , each individual directorate general is to prepare its own programme of measures .
this is unacceptable in my view .
have you received any notification of any members leaving the group of the european people &apos;s party or does the austrian people &apos;s party continue to sit in that political group ?
mr van hulten , my group of the greens and regionalists will support the attempts in tomorrow afternoon &apos; s plenary meeting to embellish this report .
the decision could have huge implications for our local economy .
commissioner , thank you for giving me a well-intentioned answer , which has been rigorous and well-argued .
discharges from chemical factories in my own constituency in the north-west of england will end up on the beaches of mainland europe .
it can only approve member states &apos; proposals if they fulfil all the criteria : firstly , integration through sectoral and geographical development partnerships , whereby the employment policy guidelines need to be taken into account ; secondly , the systematic involvement of the operators concerned - the local , regional and national authorities , training institutions , universities , ngos , the two sides of industry and the private sector - with the aim of creating a durable partnership , and thirdly , methods and models of indisputably innovative character .
the reform is important but , if it aggravates the situation , reduces or weakens the supranational powers of the commission , then the structure of european integration , as planned by the founding fathers for the european commission , will be at risk .
mr president , torrey canyon , olympic bravery , haven , amoco cadiz , gino , tanio , so many names we remember with horror .
in anticipation of this eu directive &apos; s being implemented , eu countries ought however to be individually liable for scrapping vehicles in the best way possible so that the retroactive element in the eu legislation is not applied .
amendment no 19 is also unacceptable , given my thoughts on amendment no 10 .
tomorrow , we might opt in favour of a weak and permissive framework which ruins the future of our children .
these include all the proposals on food safety which are ambitious and important and those on maritime safety which are particularly important given the two oil slicks which have affected the coast of brittany and turkey .
the handover will have been made , but the conditions in which the handover is going to be made , by yourself , mr president , and by the portuguese presidency , are going to be extremely important , as is the nature of this handover .
this would be to the considerable disadvantage of the internal market , regardless of the fact that the steel industry has undergone consolidation in the past few years .
storms in europe
mr president , here we have what is basically a good measure .
we must reach agreement here , in all the european union &apos; s ports , from marseilles , through to rotterdam , to wilhelmshaven , cuxhaven , and wherever ships drop anchor .
with every single geographical extension to the area covered by the eu , we have seen how extensions in breadth have been followed by intensive extensions in depth , and that is precisely what the draft resolution from the committee is contemplating , especially in paragraph 7 which says that there should be more thorough integration in depth . in the light of developments in recent days , it might well be asked what we really are to do about these intergovernmental conferences and treaty amendments when government leaders - in reality the european council of ministers - make decisions in relation to an independent member state entailing intervention in that member state &apos; s democratic process .
many of us of here are very optimistic about the next six months .
if not , why not ?
i would therefore like once again to congratulate the rapporteur , mr langen , on his work , to thank the speakers and , of course , to acknowledge the actions of vice-president provan throughout the conciliation procedure , who contributed efficiently to the achievement of a positive result .
i therefore understand why we are meeting at this time , which is usually set aside for other activities and not for debates , discussions and the exchange of information .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , as long as nearly thirty years ago , the european commission made attempts to draw up a european water policy .
i am glad that leader + is to remain true to this underlying concept .
tomorrow , i shall be in london .
it can only succeed if agreements are made which are solidly based on compliance with democratic principles .
the swedish government and a large percentage of the swedish people want the derogation to be extended on public health grounds .
the best way of achieving proper collection is to ensure that the last holder and / or owner can deliver the car to an authorised treatment facility without any cost .
it has to be close to the commission because of the need for interaction between the scientists involved in the food safety authority and those of us who are involved in the initiation of legislation .
i hope that the minister will take some time to pursue that particular issue .
1997 was a matter for the old commission and , therefore , the new commission does not think that it can accept liability .
i am saying this objectively and when a problem or shortcoming is noted , this must be remedied .
environmental standards will be a recurring theme .
this dilemma stretches beyond the areas which i have already listed .
i have witnessed from close up within the development committee how thousands of projects stagnate and how sometimes up to 80 % of the money is not spent . sometimes , an enormous reservoir of money is created , not because it is not desperately needed , not because there are no sound proposals , but because the whole system has collapsed .
the operation of the previous round of programmes is also very instructive in telling us what guidelines should not be about .
i agree that article 13 contains something we have expressed our disagreement about , but that is how the treaty stands right now and among the categories of types of discrimination , discrimination on the grounds of gender holds equal place .
and how could you be worthy of this after the mad cow scandal and the resignation of the santer commission for corruption ?
the netherlands is significantly affected by the european water policy .
it received strong support from the rest of the commissioners and it has been through an interservice consultation in the whole of the commission .
he has also said that the countries in the vanguard of integration should be able to proceed faster and that they should have their own institutions , for the sake of clarity .
it turned its threatened loss of power into an &quot; heroic battle for the preservation of values &quot; and an imminent , pure-and-simple &quot; decision between democracy and non-democracy &quot; .
mr president , mrs kratsa-tsagaropoulou , in my opinion , and as mr prodi said this morning , the drawing up of the charter is an exercise with great political significance . this is because it shows that the union places the fundamental rights of citizens at the top of the political concerns for the future of our common project .
due to the existence of these borders , they have become peripheral areas within the countries to which they belong . this has too often led the national authorities to neglect these regions in national policy .
that is reasonable because it comes from the budgetary control committee .
with regard to what you were saying , it makes me think that the criticism levelled at the council , apart from being formulated in a very specific way of which we also take note , does not actually refer to the opacity , shall we say , of the legislative process , but rather almost to an excess of transparency .
it is easy to see that the car industry in certain countries , for example in germany , went in for some pretty tough lobbying before the present directive was adopted .
i would emphasise that this is going to be extremely important for our future , for europe &apos; s economy , and , above all , for the protection of our wealth and technological development in europe in general .
our ambitions and our work will be followed not only by people in our own countries , but also by many people outside europe and the european union .
our internal borders , or what remains of them , no longer cause wars , but they do continue to generate economic backwardness , social barriers and a lack of cultural communication between the peoples of europe .
mr president , commissioner , i second all those who expressed their solidarity with the storm victims .
in the same category of ideas , it is essential that member states fulfil their obligation to be accountable to the commission for the aid granted to their steel companies .
these concern , for example , the phasing-out of heavy metals , manufacturer &apos; s liability and the requirement for recycling .
but why do they not buy their own entrance ticket ?
that makes sense from an economic and an ecological point of view .
it is intolerable that the eu should involve itself in the formation of the government in a member state .
in other words , we are making the transition from the principle of banning to that of misuse .
the aim of these regional policies , which , of course , are implemented under the jointly agreed european guidelines in each member state , i.e. each member state is responsible for implementing this programme , is to increase opportunities for work for both men and women .
in these circumstances , even the best resolutions will remain little more than appeals to principle which are powerless to limit the great corporations &apos; capacity to cause damage .
perhaps these issues should be approached with greater attention and a greater esprit de finesse .
madam president , i clearly owe mr wurtz an explanation , and i am going give this explanation before the whole house .
i have to admit that in flanders , where i come from , we still have a long way to go too .
the previous speaker already said something about this .
we will conduct this dialogue with our citizens , including the most disadvantaged and those isolated from decision-making or information centres .
however , i can assure you that we do not , with the existing measures - which you have referred to - reach these severely less-favoured regions .
these are two important questions , and it is good that i should be given the opportunity to clarify them .
in particular , we must ensure that classification societies are compelled to make their reports public , as currently , we do not have access to them .
i would like to think that , given his previous experience as a regional president , he will agree to propose indicators , and a strategy , which will favour economic and social cohesion and not just productivity .
therefore , throughout this debate , whenever i can , i will go directly to see the national parliaments too .
in fact , the common position which was issued at the end of last year was already a major improvement on the original proposal .
provided this report is not watered-down yet again by the adoption of amendments , it will afford us the opportunity to make clear and unambiguous demands of the commission on a number of crucial points .
secondly , we need to ensure that we legislate only when necessary - subsidiarity .
as the report itself indicates , the funds allocated to the urban ii programme for the 2000-2006 period are approximately 30 % less than those in the previous period , which were already low , at eur 900 million . added to this is the fact that only about fifty projects are considered for the whole of europe which is pathetic when practically all european city districts , both suburban and inner city , are affected .
only the people cut off from the harsh reality of the grass roots could have any doubt about that .
this is a real political objective , alongside economic and monetary affairs , drawn up in collaboration with member states , regions and local communities , with the commission itself responsible for issuing guidelines in order to show member states what direction to take in order to achieve the objectives required in the context of programming .
the white paper also contains very important proposals in respect of controls .
the adoption of the necessary compensatory measures is a matter for the national authorities , and does not require prior commission approval .
not to mention that the large one may hide a gigantic one , as the very next thing we will see is a proposal for a european criminal law and then , why not a european minister of justice , supervised by an extension of the powers of the european parliament ?
mr president , commissioner , i would firstly like to highlight the excellent work carried out by mrs berger and the committee on legal affairs and the internal market generally , which has incorporated innovative ideas into this directive , which i hope will be approved by the commission and the council .
for we all know how long it takes a tree to grow .
are you not afraid that such penalties might get out of hand and serve to punish not violations of human rights but simple differences of opinion , unpopular opinions or deviations from the dominant european thinking ?
the austrian freedom party leader , mr haider , has repeatedly repudiated these values . he also repudiates the basic forms of diplomatic politeness .
this goes against the fundamental principle of non-discrimination enshrined in the founding treaties of this union .
by allowing them to develop tailor-made plans for the relevant regions and , if necessary , tying this in with financial aid , a higher return can be achieved .
i think it would be a good thing if we were to approve the present legislation together as soon as possible .
first of all , we must shed some light on this shipwreck .
disabled people have too often been left off the list .
we did not have it so bad in ireland this time although we have had many serious wind storms on the atlantic .
the main responsibility for increasing the use of renewables is to be borne by the member states .
we have achieved nothing so far , and we have been unable to reach agreement within the european union .
i have much sympathy with what the honourable member has said about cultural heritage and about the buddhist tradition .
over the same period , kyrgyzstan received eur 17 million .
i can testify to this remarkable work .
i refer in particular to the council and to the inertia of the member states in implementing the decisions they had jointly made .
however , recent events - firstly , what were really threats by the council of ministers , then mr prodi &apos; s threats against the austrian commissioner and , finally , the present decision - are things i cannot support .
it is a community that is destined to exist , in which , when the main thing is under threat , when values are under threat , all democrats must bend over backwards to find solutions to ensure that the mistakes of the past are never made again .
we want to prevent the prices of feedingstuffs from rising and mr doyle &apos; s proposed amendments nos 4 and 5 therefore deserve our support .
i think that , under the present rules of the treaties , the european parliament would have little to gain from a policy of confrontation .
crucially , reforms must not be limited to the commission .
amendments nos 4 and 5 are also unacceptable because they give undue preference to copy products by granting them authorisation to be placed into circulation even before an application for authorisation has been submitted .
- ( fr ) it is with great satisfaction that i welcome this report on improved harmonisation in the training of safety advisers for the transport of dangerous goods .
mr president , with the implementation of interreg iii , european cooperation policy is entering a new phase .
it cannot be the aim of european competition policy to make life impossible for small businesses .
most of those who have been working on the directive to date have been lawyers .
it is a quite different europe which is taking shape in the long term .
moreover , i would also urge this house to take into consideration the opinion of the committee on employment and social affairs , adding a whole raft of thoughts on key areas such as combating social exclusion , support for the social economy and the implementation of the employment strategy .
in many ways , the prerequisites differ from one member state to another .
for these reasons , we are going to vote in favour of the report .
we have doubts concerning the appropriateness of the igc because we fear that the objectives actually being addressed may be far removed from the changes required to allow for the enlargement envisaged .
clearly this is not a general exemption and the different approach which allow member states to introduce special provisions are only justified in the case of this special professional qualification .
the chosen threshold of 50 projects seems too low .
what do we ask of this structure - the european community - which is , so to speak , ambiguous and unique ?
is this an element in the radical decentralisation which mr prodi talked about this morning ?
the european union must therefore instigate a re-evaluation of the wto &apos; s operation which must lead to precise proposals being made on its rules .
a moment ago , mr vatanen spoke to us of lower temperatures , not of 20 degrees below zero , but of 40 degrees below zero .
as commissioner wallström indicated during the hearings in the european parliament in september 1999 , the commission will bring up the issue of nuclear safety and radiation protection in any relevant meeting with the turkish government in the future and i am happy to inform you that i will have a meeting with the turkish foreign minister in a couple of days and will certainly raise the issue .
and i refer once again to the declarations which we have heard in recent days .
my group will not be supporting those amendments .
we wonder if this is actually feeding the flames of xenophobia and the parties and people that support it .
mr president , this time last year the european parliament set up a committee of independent experts chaired by mr middelhoek to investigate allegations of fraud , nepotism and corruption in the european commission .
i am waiting for the commission &apos; s report on the ultra-peripheral regions , which the council decided should be drawn up by december 1999 .
what , also , will be the role of the food authorities which you are about to set up ?
in order to do so , the monitoring committees must be opened to include members of the european parliament , associations and industrialists concerned by the projects and also civil society .
this is part of risk management .
this proves that it is possible to go into issues in depth while respecting this mandate , by using the terms laid down in the mandate and all the openings which it offers .
mrs myller then asked me about the location of the authority .
i do not think that we can accept their procedures .
the commission , in its proposals to the forthcoming intergovernmental conference , has indicated that its preference lies in seeing smaller member states lose their automatic right to nominate a member of the european commission .
the union for a europe of nations group cannot vote for approving the accounts for 1997 .
needless to say , this is most definitely an essential point which should not be changed in any way .
questions to mr barnier
the regulations must therefore be reviewed , and i thank you , commissioner , for highlighting the inadequate features of current european regulations .
our responsibilities do not stop at enlargement , or at the balkans .
madam president , commissioner , rapporteur , ladies and gentlemen , somehow or other , today &apos; s agenda has come full circle .
we sincerely believe in the validity of cultural action , among other things in terms of making a contribution to the social , as well as economic , development of a people .
i honestly believe that an evaluation of this type would not be in accordance with the reality of that situation .
furthermore , like the rapporteur , i think that studies must be undertaken to analyse the reasons for the gap between the number of women with science degrees and the number of women who manage to have a career in these fields .
in that case , i am rather concerned , because the idea was really that a cost-benefit analysis should not be used as a tool for deciding whether the precautionary principle should be introduced . instead , the precautionary principle should come first .
i have some sympathy with the commission &apos;s standpoint that derogations should only be granted occasionally .
what we need are visible rights for each and every citizen ; the charter of fundamental rights must be made legally binding for all the citizens of the union .
i am looking forward to discussing any further improvements you might wish to suggest under the framework proposal for the legislation , especially after the reference made by mrs roth-behrendt to her own report and opinion on this issue .
the report on competition policy further stresses the commission &apos; s confidence in hard and fast rules instead of putting the emphasis on economic arguments regarding efficiency , which affects competitiveness .
the committee rejected this discriminatory proposal and decided that all refugees should have a place on the equal programme on identical conditions .
i have to confess that i fail to comprehend why a certain opening ceremony was held in spain .
of course this is also the basic idea .
both draft directives seek to facilitate the freedom to provide services for eu enterprises .
mr schulz said earlier on that he was not certain about the definition of &apos; scoreboard &apos; .
thirdly , the european union cannot and should not enlarge endlessly .
efforts should be made here to achieve shorter times .
once again the discussion is going to be monopolised by the heads of state and government .
many of the general points raised in our committee &apos;s report have been covered in mrs van der laan &apos;s report .
such vehicles are not covered by the definition of waste and are not therefore included under the directive .
arrested and released in madrid , he is now being extradited after arrest in lisbon .
having said this , i will look at the situation objectively .
i therefore wonder whether the community should not have a more drastic change of tack and , based on very strict evaluations , change its course and change its objectives in such a way as to make it possible to combat the disparities in wealth and employment more effectively .
mr president , i shall be speaking on behalf of the ppe-de group , but also as an elected representative for brittany , and i am therefore directly concerned and shocked by these events .
it is really surprising that the commission does not treat the revision of one of its common policies as a strategic objective for the coming years , in view of the reform which must take place in 2002 .
i want , finally , to say that i had certain misgivings last week when we discussed the formation of the austrian government but , when it comes to discussing and criticising its policy on refugees , i have no misgivings .
however , it seems to go against all reason and intelligence that 80 % of the anchovies , which , until 1995 , were being fished in the portuguese fishing grounds , through an agreement between that member state - portugal - and france , should now be fished in the bay of biscay and that the council of ministers wishes to maintain that this has no effect on the anchovy stocks in the bay of biscay or the cantabrian sea .
dovetailing the activities under the community initiative with the european employment initiatives is an essential requirement and a crucial prerequisite for attaining the objectives of the equal programme .
mr president , our committee views these issues very differently and , to start , i will speak from the point of view of research .
these failings will result in particular in the late implementation of interreg iii and therefore in financial losses for the regions in receipt of aid .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , as part of the reform of the structural funds the community initiatives are being pruned to a total of four .
large design margins are being provided in order to ensure safe operation of the plant according to the environmental conditions of the site .
the conclusion is that we must make the case for guidelines to be broad , indicative and flexible to assist our programme managers and fund-users and to get the maximum potential out of our new fields of regeneration .
i come , of course , from a country that is proud of its car industry and of its commercial success both in europe and in third countries .
a very important component , to wit , one third of our drinking water , is extracted from surface water in the netherlands .
however , on other issues the proposals could be more ambitious and faster acting .
although there is much that is good about the new directive , it is nonetheless not without its defects .
however , some people in our political group think otherwise .
if these do not materialise , then , unfortunately , convergence and cohesion will remain no more than words for us , and it is to be feared that the structural policy undertaken in our regions , despite the size of the amounts committed , will end in failure .
there is the risk of creating a monopoly within the car dismantling trade .
the member states should therefore be able to propose a reasonable number of areas within the financial ceiling of their allocations .
my group strongly welcomes the igc and will be contributing to this treaty reform process to the maximum possible extent .
this is an irreparable loss .
i want to refer to the political position here .
a word on the white paper : the revision of articles 81 and 82 represents a change of direction in monopolies policy .
one applies to the principle of treating people equally , without differentiating on the grounds of race or ethnic origin . the other proposal will provide protection at work against discrimination on the grounds of ethnic or racial origin , religion , handicap or sexual persuasion .
we look forward to a fruitful dialogue with you on this .
these could include withholding community financial support or recouping funding already committed to a member state .
it must be complemented with a forthright fight against racism and intolerance so that we may come to recognise , in practice , the evolution of a union which has become a magnet for the rest of the world and an immigration zone , given its prosperity and seasonal demographics .
in other words we need to go further than what has been referred to as the important &quot; amsterdam leftovers &quot; .
the fact is that the commission has not amended the regulation for years , although parliament has been calling for it to do so for some time .
i would like to finish off by making a general comment on interreg .
i apologise to mr vitorino for this parliamentary discourtesy . i am sorry .
in its communication &quot; women and science &quot; , the european commission informs us of its good intentions of enlisting the support of women to enrich research in europe .
i am very concerned about these translation problems which , unfortunately , we seem to be having increasingly , and i can assure you that we shall look into the matter very seriously indeed .
my first thoughts are for the 26 indian sailors , who were saved but of whom nothing has been said .
protection under criminal law of the union &apos;s financial interests
firstly he talked about verification .
that was the charm of leader , and that should please not be lost !
this is why our group will remain as close to the common position as possible and will not alter its essence .
its borders are set not by how may countries want to join , but by how many countries it can accommodate .
a total of 48 amendments have been tabled .
even the accumulation of money from the cohesion funds and the structural funds has failed to have the desired effect in all regions and countries .
i have already had a chance to discuss my position with mr ringholm , the swedish finance minister on two occasions .
in a religious school , it is logical for an exemption to be requested and accepted in order to ensure that the teacher is of the faith to which the religious school in question belongs .
what are the respective roles of alcohol policy and public health considerations in the commission &apos;s work ?
instead it is appropriate to await developments in relation to the common position on the amendment to directive 90 / 220 , which is currently in second reading in parliament .
we need to ensure that job creation initiatives are in place to promote employment opportunities in the small- and medium-sized enterprise sector in rural parts of europe as well .
there is so much legislation - and i very much welcome the portuguese programme that was outlined to us last week - but we need to be absolutely sure that it is scrutinised , that the people in this parliament and the members of the national parliaments and the citizens of europe are aware of everything involved in it .
this preparatory work , this fine-tuning , must not be omitted , ladies and gentlemen of the house . i know from my own experience in amsterdam that it is extremely important and useful , and that it will not just be limited to technical details .
admittedly , an effective competition policy is a prerequisite for the proper operation of the internal market and of economic and monetary union .
the new europe should not only expand horizontally , but also vertically , by living by our values in practice and by developing a democratic structure of a real community .
instead of allowing the costs of these disasters to fall on the communities most affected and insurance markets such as lloyds of london , we must develop new technologies to retrieve from the sea much more than 10 % of the lost oil .
i hope that the forthcoming visit by the president of the european parliament to the region , as well as the presidents of the relevant interparliamentary delegations , will begin an era of greater initiative and a greater presence for the european union in this complicated and difficult peace process .
report ( a5-0022 / 2000 ) by mr brok , on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs , human rights , common security and defence policy , on the proposal for a council decision providing exceptional community financial assistance to kosovo ( com ( 99 ) 0598 - c5-0045 / 2000 - 1999 / 0240 ( cns ) )
i have rejected the entire directive , not least because amendment no 34 to article 12 and the amendments to article 5 / 4 have not received an adequate majority here in the house .
first ospar .
there is clearly a more ambitious goal .
in this respect too , i would ask the commission to be particularly attentive about ensuring that there is real cohesion between the various policies , specifically in the interreg programmes which are being submitted .
madam president , the european union was built upon the idea &apos; never again &apos; , meaning never again do we want to see xenophobia , concentration camps , anti-semitism , heightened nationalism or war .
let us get rid of mismanagement and nepotism .
many people in my country say they see british culture being under threat , for example , from portugal , from germany , from finland , for heaven &apos; s sake .
when we adopt the minutes for today &apos; s sitting tomorrow , then any members who think the positions have not been explained clearly enough may ask for amendments .
there are plenty of areas for serious discussion .
the extent of the damage caused on this occasion was determined by the population density , the type of infrastructure , and , of course , the many monocultures , if we are talking forests .
i therefore think that this issue should be included as a matter of urgency in the igc agenda , and in itself this justifies a thorough revision of the treaties .
throughout the negotiations , they were of great help and it must be said that the difficult and occasionally tiresome negotiations were nonetheless completed in record time .
subsidies distort allocations , both within and between countries .
and , since it should be essential , i would hope that everybody would make certain that they had adequate gender training .
it is no less incumbent on the other donor countries to fulfil their obligations within this timeframe , in the interests of the persons affected .
in the course of the discharge procedure for the coming years - that for 1998 is already under way - parliament will have to examine , as a matter of urgency , whether or not it was too quick to bestow premature praise on the commission for 1997 .
we have asked for a public prosecutor &apos; s office and criminal law , but we also need administrative law for the eu .
in the white paper , you state that the commission will still issue particular orders which can be used as guidelines , but what will your criteria be for granting such orders one day but not the next ?
first of all : who should pay ?
apart from that , i could refer to any customers , any sector , as customers , and thereby have a highly destructive effect on social fields .
we wish to see an end to this one-sided situation regarding requests for financial aid .
my feeling in this respect is that only a council regulation can provide the necessary legal certainty and ensure an official ban on any aid not covered by the code .
other amendments are intended to simplify the administrative procedures , for example by authorising member states to designate a single authority responsible for issuing cards .
firstly , at the beginning of 1999 , nato , with the participation of most member states of the european union , flattened kosovo with bombs in the name of freedom .
we nonetheless consider that the agenda for the intergovernmental conference should be limited to questions which have to be resolved if it is to be possible for enlargement to take place .
we consider it to be indispensable and urgently needed and hope that it actually comes up with the goods that will enable us to carry out enlargement of the european union in the not too distant future .
we can submit motions for this together with you .
mr president , commissioner , there is a risk of central asia and the caspian sea becoming the balkans of the 21st century .
madam president , until now we believed that the european union was , according to the treaty of rome and the treaty of paris founding the european communities , and subsequently the union , an association of free , independent , sovereign states .
mr berenguer fuster , we shall check all this .
we also reject the amendments which aim to incorporate the integral cost of water for 2010 .
by means of this extraordinary procedure , parliament is stopping itself from placing liability for the arrangements in 1997 squarely where it belongs , namely with the previous commission .
the council &apos; s ability to intervene in this matter is strictly limited .
again , i must say that we are concerned here with an extremely unfortunate confusion of the old commission &apos; s accountability for 1997 and the new commission &apos; s accountability for the future .
we also agree with the rapporteur about asking for more attention to be paid to small and medium-sized undertakings and , of course , about refusing to use outside service providers .
we also welcome the recognition of the need for evaluation and the dissemination of best practice for the tightening up of the transnational level .
we still feel that economic and social cohesion is one of the union &apos; s fundamental objectives .
it would be a serious mistake to eliminate all public aid .
so far , some balkan countries have received aid from the phare and obnova programmes , while others have not .
finally , this directive should enter into force at the earliest opportunity .
it was not able to do very much but it was repeatedly abused by members of this house proposing action when the disasters were not even major .
is there a member who wishes to speak in favour of this proposal ?
i would like to say that , as we know , the commission report on state aid to the steel industry does not include individual decisions made under the exception procedure , pursuant to article 95 of the ecsc treaty , but addresses decisions which are not covered by the code on aid for the steel sector .
firstly , fiscal provisions of an indirect nature and recently , thanks to commissioner monti , there have been direct provisions , the code of good conduct in particular .
is it the case that a risk assessment is firstly to be carried out , including a cost-benefit analysis ?
mr president , this directive has been under discussion since 1997 .
the suspension of the talks between syria and israel is not the only delay affecting the peace process in the middle east .
we need to look at the people who vote for these parties , and understand why this situation arises .
this condemnation is as unacceptable as the threatened breaking off of official contacts with the austrian republic .
my question relates to something that will come up on thursday and which i will then raise again .
if they do not , if businesspeople feel marginalised , if entrepreneurs cannot take part , not only in managing but also in receiving these funds , we will have missed an opportunity to attain our objectives more rapidly .
very briefly , i would like to thank the various members for their interventions and to tell you that safety is one of the commission &apos; s priorities in the field of transport .
the relative weight of the most wealthy regions of the european union was strengthened between 1986 et 1996 , testifying to a concentration of wealth , jobs and activity in certain areas : hamburg , brussels , antwerp , luxembourg , the paris region , darmstadt , oberbayern , bremen , vienna , karlsruhe and emilia-romagna .
we are not just talking about human rights and the environment where tibet is concerned , rather it is about a unique cultural heritage that is also able to communicate important values such as peace , serenity , compassion - as the dalai lama would say - to us europeans .
we are at a watershed in the history of the european union .
( es ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , firstly i wish to express my satisfaction with the agreement reached on the altener ii programme in the conciliation committee and associate myself with the comments of the different speakers and , of course , point out that this agreement will allow the altener programme to be incorporated soon into the framework energy programme .
but what were the commission &apos; s arguments , from commissioner monika wulf-mathies and director-general eneko landaburu in particular , for eliminating the urban programme ?
we now have a number of guidelines for using the precautionary principle , and we have increased support among our respective peoples for using it , something which is clearly established in the present communication .
while , on the one hand , we believe that steering committees should ensure that the various projects are coherent and complementary , we would on the other hand urge the commission to reinforce exchanges of information and coordination between the departments involved .
my second point relates to discussion about competition and the social market economy , although i am not going to talk about market failure just now .
sound democracy means being alert and not blind in one eye .
as there are doubts , would it not be more advisable , from a political point of view , to put the reform of the legal system on the igc agenda , and incorporate these proposals into the more general reform of the union &apos; s legal system along the lines of what is being requested for the european public prosecutor ?
and who is not in favour of security , freedom and justice ?
the next five years of the prodi commission - as you solemnly announce in the first of your conclusions - will mean great change .
the involvement of voluntary and community groups will also be an essential ingredient of the equal initiative and the projects .
parliament has traditionally made a major contribution to strengthening environmental legislation in europe .
the overriding features of today &apos; s economy are massive mergers and acquisitions involving huge companies with a market monopoly and the emergence of frighteningly powerful multinational groups .
we shall obtain the very opposite of what we want .
to conclude , the issues are clear at this second reading .
that statement could not be much clearer .
you might have run out of political arguments but that does not give you the right to use those who were murdered as cheap propaganda .
mr president , first of all , i would like thank the rapporteur of the equal report , mrs stenzel , very warmly for all the efforts she has made to master this very complex subject matter on behalf of all of us .
it is therefore inconsistent to open accession negotiations with 13 countries while contemplating a minimal reform .
as for the other points , mr prodi , i will take economic and social policy as an example : the european social model is certainly experiencing a major crisis and it is certainly not coincidental that unemployment tops the list of problems that none of our policies has managed to resolve , but it is not certain that it can be resolved by going through a list of problems that we have discussed in the past , without having a clear idea or proposal which takes note of the fact that europe contains economies that are growing at some of the most sustainable rates and that it is not by chance that these are the economies which have made labour market flexibility and enterprise their prime objective .
of course , it is always better to make more funding available more quickly - and i for one will always advocate this - but i do think that this programme opens up good opportunities for quite a few programmes .
mr president it is later than any of us thought it would be when we were planning for this session so i shall be very brief indeed .
as in the past , these rules state that the additionality principle applies to the relationship between the structural funds and all development expenditure of the member state .
also , ethical principles are at the heart of this research but your communication says nothing about these .
i would like to say however that it is , and has always been , a very modest budget and therefore the funding for this programme is more symbolic than real .
for example , i am prepared to give seminars on leadership or other subjects myself to encourage women to take on further tasks within the commission .
let me just itemise them : the first point concerns the usefulness of the conclusions of this report in drawing up the priorities of the new regional policy , particularly for the negotiation of programming documents with the member states .
the proposal to be discussed today , to amend the directive on the transport of dangerous goods by road , dates from may 1999 , however , and could not therefore take account of the latest comitology procedure .
there is an error which has still not been corrected and that is on amendment no 4 .
will israel let palestinian refugees return or be given compensation ?
history has taught us that fascists start to blow hot and cold : using heated words first , in populist , xenophobic speeches , and then cool words in order to make themselves acceptable to institutions and to infiltrate them gradually , poisoning them , until the day they start to take action .
it seems to me that in order for the european union to demonstrate that it has a role in helping the citizens of the european union it must give assistance to member states to demonstrate that the union works for these citizens and their families .
mr prodi , i repeat that this is , in our opinion , a slightly short-sighted view .
no . clearly , we shall all have to bear the cost of serious damage to the environment , but it will be very much greater .
some of the measures we have put in place in the past have not been honoured by some of the member states - and let us not forget that the member states are responsible for implementing about 80 % of the eu budget .
we must increase our efficiency in this area . we must reopen the danube to boats .
i personally believe that the scope of the directive goes beyond its objective .
this increased awareness does not , however , affect identity alone .
in any event there are no grounds for resorting to the easy option of a quantitative policy , based on the use of quotas , contrary to the idea of citizenship which the members of parliament in the uen group set great store by , and whose probable consequences would be the opposite of the effect apparently sought by mrs mcnally &apos; s report , namely women &apos; s participation in careers in science and research in proportion with their merit .
when we consider that a conference will soon be held in moscow , it becomes clear that the european union &apos; s presence in this peace process is somewhat pitiful .
mr president , the oil tanker erika , the ownership of which is veiled by accommodation addresses on malta and probably in italy and greece and which was hired by total-fina for the transport of oil , foundered off the breton coastline , with disastrous consequences .
quite clearly , we are now paying the price for our lack of concern .
i am , up to a point , concerned about how the council will fight for the principles contained in the treaty of amsterdam and whose purpose is to ensure that citizens have a better opportunity to participate in the decision-making process .
i remind parliament that in article 152 the primary objective is the protection of health .
the foodstuffs legislation in the european union is the most ambitious in the world .
there are many interesting questions relating to it , the monitoring centre , the principle of concentration etc .
this is especially important to smaller linguistic areas . i would like to congratulate the rapporteur and also mrs reding for culture 2000 .
madam president , i would like to comment on the request mrs stenzel has made to postpone the vote on the community initiative equal until tomorrow .
yesterday , we also discussed the commission , represented by commissioner barnier , who gave its opinion .
i would stress that no gmos have been approved under this directive ; it applies only to additives .
mr president , commissioner , does regulating additives in feedingstuffs come under competition or consumer policy ?
if the price of enlargement is the watering-down or even the break-up of the present union , then it must not be paid .
we also need a code of corporate conduct to make sure that companies in fact work in partnership with their workers in the management of change .
they are involved in low-profile work of valuable cultural importance .
i would also like to say that the position of the fourteen states emanating from the council was justified , as in a way this is also a matter of the composition of the government of the european union , meaning this is also a matter for the council and not merely an internal affair of austria &apos; s .
i should just like to make three comments which commissioner patten will perhaps see as similar but which , for various reasons , a member can formulate more openly .
indeed , several years ago , this was the conclusion of a report that i compiled on the strengths and weaknesses of the european steel sector .
it therefore seemed essential to make good this omission in order to achieve the standardised , high-level training of safety advisers , but also in order to avoid any disparities between the costs of training , with a concomitant effect on competition between the firms of different member sates .
instead , we should go for good-quality projects that can act as a catalyst to effect change and renewal , to attract inward investment in terms of loans and venture capital and to achieve a multiplier effect .
i do not think that the intervention of the united states should push us in a direction that would lead to our taking insufficient account of environmental considerations .
also , the commission does not engage itself in finding out whether certain expenditure was real or virtual .
i should first like to thank the committee on agriculture and rural development and its rapporteur , the committee chairman , mr graefe zu baringdorf , for examining the commission &apos;s proposal .
for example , to accept new roads is to accept new pollution within the european union . this goes totally against the policies which we are proposing to fight greenhouse gas emissions , for example .
it is sadly only a recognition of the very great difficulties that wales faces .
however , in spain and the other southern countries , which have an unusual climate , the management of water resources require political action in order to rationalise their use and other cooperative measures .
they cannot therefore be approved .
this coordination is at present lacking , and the commission has not as yet made any precise proposals to improve it .
could the commission say whether the greek government has made any specific commitments on how to tackle the problems of youth and long-term unemployment , and what these commitments are ?
gmos are the new challenge facing us .
i am talking about the introduction of cultural mainstreaming in all policy areas , about consolidating and improving the european dimension of training and education syllabuses and about networking training and education policies in europe especially lifelong learning .
however , i cannot accept that an eu body should intervene politically in the internal policy of one member state .
the commission has put forward various proposals which are too stringent and we have come up with some alternatives .
the form the aid takes is important .
but at the mid-way point or end of that period there is no effective way of terminating the project if it has not proved successful .
that is in itself also about avoiding being unduly restrictive towards the stranger simply because he or she is a stranger .
the committee supports the commission proposal to concentrate actions in small selected areas and believes that , given the dispersed nature of many rural inhabited locations , the minimum demographic ceiling for the selection of a project should be reduced to 10 000 inhabitants .
we know that the commission may perhaps need the scope to negotiate a situation which would be acceptable to all parties .
madam president , mr president of the commission , i should like to focus on two points which are not mentioned in your programme .
we know that the commission proposal does not go far enough ; unfortunately this also applies to the proposal by the committee on the environment .
we have no intention of giving brussels the job of regulating regional planning in the member states , as suggested in recital of the report .
this parliament has also asked the commission to give an initial outline of the external aid policy reforms on 31 march of this year .
equally , the scientists will wish to have some input into the legal process or the policy-making process or the law-drafting process , to ensure that the legislation meets the ills that they have identified .
we have condemned basque and irish terrorism .
the problem is that the current political isolation of the country means that access to this area is restricted .
we will have the opportunity to do so on other occasions .
in the majority of eu countries , there are now governments dominated by social democrats .
this is a fascinating debate which i realise is not totally community-related .
as an ecologist , let met tell you that the precautionary principle and sustainable development require much more diversified and many-sided approaches .
that cannot excuse everything that we came across .
we are sufficiently responsible to realise that we should only include those which we will be able to manage during the term of our presidency and - we should always be aware of this - within governments &apos; ability to act and within the scope of the council .
we therefore have unstable communities which are infiltrated with crime , drug-dealing and gangs .
mr bonde was right to say that there is this image of doing less better and then suddenly we see an annual programme for the year 2000 of 500 proposals and recommendations , which seems to go in a different direction .
the head of the government of one of the nine provinces belongs to this party and it is involved in all the other provincial governments .
commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the group of the greens / european free alliance are pleased with the agreement which has been found , and their thanks go to all those who negotiated so well in favour of an amendment which the greens were almost the authors of .
in this area we must respond to public opinion .
just as elderly people in cities are very isolated , so the elderly are fast becoming the sole inhabitants of rural areas because young people are moving to the cities : they are drawn by the bright lights , and the pubs , and the countryside and rural areas are being emptied .
i totally agree with mr von boetticher and mr schulz &apos; s remarks , and truly believe that the european parliament and the court of justice need to be more involved in the area of freedom , security and justice , without having to derogate from their own powers .
the first concerns the manufacturer &apos; s unrestricted liability to take back end-of-life vehicles .
but we must avoid lurching back into the old-style regulation , stifling individual initiative and enterprise .
i would ask them the following questions : does your policy seek to marginalise people ?
thank you , mrs banotti .
last november , the commission tabled a proposal for an anti-racism directive .
madam president , we have just passed a resolution which condemns the racist and xenophobic record of jörg haider &apos; s freedom party in austria , which has welcomed action by our governments to cut off political relations with any government of which he is part , and which sends our support to anti-racist groups within the democratic majority of the austrian people .
i am happy that we have been able to deliver so quickly .
the main problem is a financial one , namely who bears the cost ?
my specific question concerns the problem of homelessness and whether a new presidency could take a new initiative to try to overcome some of the difficulties the president-in-office alluded to with regard to support at intergovernmental level .
today &apos; s political statement on this issue was very positive indeed , and one which i welcome .
we support europe , a europe which does honour to all the actions that have brought us to this point , a europe which respects the treaties and the law and a europe which needs austria .
the eu must adhere to the kyoto protocol on climate .
madam president , i should like to tell mr wurtz that the commission &apos; s doctrine is not the brezhnev doctrine of limited sovereignty and that , until proved otherwise , we are not in the situation where articles 6 and 7 would be applicable .
i have long believed that we should all recognise that countries where it is best to do business are countries that treat their own citizens most decently - everywhere in the world .
we are all aware of the enormous expectations of our people with regard to freedom , security and justice , particularly social justice .
in this area , the commission has given priority to a number of routes of action : acting on the structure of markets by actively combating anti-competitive practices , by refocusing its departments &apos; supervisory activities only upon matters with a manifest community interest and by affirming its intention to modernise competition law .
i can show you a copy if you wish .
it is not only denmark which has matters pending .
any future reforms of the european union treaties will require a referendum to be held in my country .
the key goals remain the prevention from further pollution of ground and surface water , the protection of eco systems , the promotion of the sustainable use of water , the control of floods and droughts and the termination of discharging dangerous substances into surface water .
we are in the process of looking into this question and assessing what knowledge we have today and what it is possible to do .
if we find that any member of this house or their employees collaborated with the bbc in this farrago we will expose them to the opprobrium of this house .
my group has made extensive amendments to both reports up for debate today .
the issue of taxation also seems to us to be absolutely essential .
there is an agreement to double this number , but i understand that , so far , not a single new person has arrived .
what is the result ?
in addition , i should like to make a number of comments :
the initial decision to apply the precautionary principle depends largely on the level of protection sought and the level of risk that decision-makers are prepared to accept for society .
for our part , we remain staunchly opposed to the single currency which , far from bringing us the advantages and flexibility of a shared currency , imprisons us in an artificial straitjacket , which has been imposed on the peoples of europe .
once again , there is active participation from groups from the private , public and voluntary sectors which suggest how best particular funding can be spent so as to help different local job creation projects within this region .
i also refer to my explanation of vote of 18 november 1999 which clarifies my attitude towards supranationalism and common defence .
unfortunately , the european commission has already moved ahead with its guidelines and parliament &apos; s position on the programmes for 2000-2006 does not carry much weight .
transport safety has sadly been in the news recently : the paddington rail crash in london , the terrible rail crash in norway , the two aviation crashes involving eu citizens and the natural disaster involving the erika off brittany - all within the last four months - remind us that transport safety can never be taken for granted and that those charged with protecting the public must be highly motivated and highly qualified .
furthermore , if a ship is no longer seaworthy , not only should the facts be examined , but a legal system should be introduced which states or recommends that the vessel should no longer be used .
it is the member states , however , who will have to implement this directive , and let us beware of going into too much detail because the industrial traditions , the demolition and crushing sectors vary according to whether you are in italy or in finland .
the commission will fulfil the remit given to it at tampere to present proposals for approving definitions , criminal charges and common sanctions in the field of trafficking in human beings , economic exploitation of immigrants , and sexual exploitation of woman and children , with special emphasis on combating the use of new means of communication , notably the internet , for distributing child pornography .
mr president , it is particularly pleasing for me to make my first speech in the european parliament on what is regarded as the most important issue within that part of the united kingdom that i represent in this parliament , namely wales .
i would also ask the commission to ensure that the environmental pillar of the eu &apos; s policy is integrated into the projects submitted and that the goal of reducing co2 for example forms an experimental added value in the projects proposed .
i would have liked to see the same outrage in europe when the socialists were prepared to make common cause with the successors to the misanthropic and persecutory regime in the ddr .
in the field of judicial cooperation , the commission presented proposals for regulations aimed at the &quot; communitisation &quot; of certain conventions . these were the convention on judicial cooperation and the enforcement of judgements in civil and commercial matters ( brussels i ) , the convention on jurisdiction , recognition and enforcement of judgements in matrimonial matters ( brussels ii ) , and a third convention concerning the service of judicial and extrajudicial documents in civil or commercial matters .
the report looks at the issue of harmonising the examination requirements for safety advisors working in the areas of transportation of dangerous goods by road , rail and inland waterway .
our project of a europe that aims to satisfy social needs envisages the convergence of living conditions towards the highest common denominator .
our normal disagreement further emphasises our appreciation today : this is extraordinary because the danger of a resurgence of an irrational , neo-nazi element in europe is extraordinary .
these amendments also fit in with this parliament &apos;s view that social exclusion is a serious issue needing constructive action .
what , may i ask , is the council afraid of ?
from that point of view , the proposed facility is a two-phase aid facility and the second tranche must be released as soon as the donors have made clear their interest .
what the stricken populations are waiting for now , those who have lost everything , particularly among those who made their living from the sea and from tourism , those people whose businesses have been compromised for several years to come , is not for the polluters to repair the damage they have caused , but for the gears to now be set in motion to ensure that their present misfortune serves to prevent similar crimes affecting other people in future .
charges brought against loyalists in 1999 totalled 193 , while those against republicans totalled 97 .
there will also be the opportunity to find new common solutions and to analyse amendments from the committee debate .
compensation afterwards is not going to make up for the damage that was done .
however , the past year was positively marked by some momentous decisions , such as the decision to begin implementing the treaty of amsterdam , the decision to incorporate the schengen agreement into the community pillar , and the decision of the cologne council to create a charter of fundamental rights and the decision of the extraordinary european council in tampere to bind the member states to common directions , priorities and goals with a view to creating a common area of freedom , security and justice .
i urge the commission to be less cautious .
too little operational capacity upstream or , in fact , excessive use , can cause problems downstream .
but we have also learned this week that mr barak will not be travelling to washington and that the negotiations cannot therefore be continued .
you are concerned about whether the structural funds will be used to finance the installation of nuclear plants anywhere .
nevertheless , we must look at this resolution , and this is also something that the united nations security council will probably have to do sooner or later . we will have to do so because , as has happened in the past in other contexts and in other strategically important situations across the world , we must be in a position to assess a certain kind of process , and a certain kind of logic and balance - which were in fact the logic and the balance which led to this resolution being approved - should be maintained in future .
it was a baptism of fire but we have a saying in the netherlands appropriate for this occasion : in at the deep end and you will swim in no time .
the majority have made their approval of the accounts conditional upon the new commission &apos; s implementing a series of reforms , so as to ensure that what we are familiar with from the previous commission &apos; s period of office is not repeated .
not only the commission , not only the european parliament but also the people and the states in our european union will have to find new answers to the question of how and why we want to live and work together .
mr prodi , you set great store in your reform efforts on introducing a forward-looking employment policy throughout europe .
secondly , at the end of 1999 unbelievable storms raged bringing death and destruction to vast tracts of the eu .
so , mr president , i will walk away from this debate , for which i am very grateful to parliament , in the knowledge that we have the european parliament &apos; s intellectual and political support , which appears to come from all sides of the house , for competition policy , its basic appreciation for the work the commission is carrying out and its confidence in our ability to continue to deliver in the future .
the common position is a reasonable compromise .
the commission insists on first evaluating such applications as to their safety and efficacy before giving authorisations .
it makes it impossible for those same member states , at the igc , to fail to give operational meaning to the protection and advancement of fundamental rights .
our committee noted that innovative and effective action to combat and prevent crime at local level would require a whole array of measures including the incorporation of crime prevention in town planning , action to prevent juvenile delinquency , the reintegration of offenders , and models for effective local cooperation between the various parties involved , for example the police , the courts and social services .
the commission has the same opinion of similar amendments to the second proposal .
mr president , competition is at the heart of the european internal market policy and is also its driving force .
( limited applause )
i am counting on the commission , and specifically on you , commissioner , to allocate adequate resources for effective action .
madam president , despite the fundamental democratic principle of the respect for human rights and the freedom and sovereignty of peoples , which opposes fascism , nazism or communism , both new and old , and despite all the previous speakers talking about the sovereignty of the austrian people , we are today witnessing this sovereignty being denied by parliament .
when our rivers flooded in 1990 , we established that installing artificial works upstream affects the water-storage capacity downstream and can cause a great deal of damage .
the ohim is now in the process of arranging this and is expecting to move into the new premises by june .
we should not only focus this debate on the austrian question .
when , on the other hand , the decision has been made to take a certain measure , the one chosen ought to be cost-effective so that there is in fact no resort to measures which are wholly unreasonable given their degree of effectiveness .
thirdly , it seems to me important that the commission should play a role in resisting the temptation to create independent agencies which would distort the very essence of the commission , in order to guarantee uniform application by international bodies .
i am terribly sorry , mr hänsch and mr cox . i did not see you asking to speak .
i am the rapporteur for echo on the committee on budgetary control , and i shall have a lot of difficulty carrying out my work if the commission will not give me the necessary information .
the commissioner , mrs schreyer , is not here yet , but i hope , and expect , that she will arrive in the next few minutes .
in this respect , it must be stressed that it is the expenditure financed by the structural funds which must be additional .
we must be aware of this connection ; i do not support those who make sweeping statements to the effect that the greenhouse effect is to blame for this storm , but one thing we can be relatively certain of is that we have reason to fear further catastrophes if we do not soon alter our course !
they concern access to training , the ratio of men to women with access to training , and special action for the long-term unemployed .
my third point has also been mentioned already .
this is only useful as long as there is a sense of solidarity where rich member states contribute to both the revenue and development of poorer member states .
in addition to the objectives it is working towards , the strong point of the community initiative interreg for the 2000-2006 programming period lies in its added value from the viewpoint of what is now the imminent enlargement of the european union to include new eastern european and mediterranean countries .
however , i believe we must also make the effort to get as close as possible to the people .
- ( sv ) we have voted in favour of the common resolution in order to express our solidarity with all those who are exposed to xenophobia and racism .
the commission also agrees with a provision for cases in which the contract of employment between the service provider and his employer is terminated at short notice .
it cannot be copied arbitrarily since each member state has its own specific conditions .
it represents the possibility of sustaining a european identity in the twenty-first century , an identity which eschews the echoes of division , of war , of poverty , of opportunity , of poverty dans la realité .
what is left of the stripped vehicle also requires to be processed adequately .
the socialist group will be voting to grant discharge .
yet after the serious dioxin crisis which affected belgium and other european countries last summer we cannot just view this issue in terms of competition .
the chemical industry and , unfortunately , the european commission and the council of ministers too want to draft a separate risk analysis for each dangerous substance .
the committee believes that projects financed under action 1 should place value on the potential of endogenous development , in particular based on local traditions , techniques and practices , on specific production and on the management of sustainable energy .
the production line was invented about a hundred years ago , i believe , by henry ford and what we are proposing to do here is to create a sort of nineteenth century production line in reverse - to dismantle vehicles , to take the pieces apart and seek to recycle them .
article 7 talks about the possibility of suspension in the event of serious or persistent breaches of our fundamental values .
we must all ensure that it is not always the same person , i.e. the vehicle owner , who pays .
in contrast with that , i see the amounts allocated for renewable energies , which are not only an ecological element but which look set to undergo considerable economic expansion .
we hope that the commission can reassure us that this was an oversight which is now being dealt with constructively .
that would be another way of spurring the reform process on .
as you know , like mr rack , i come from a transit country , where this issue plays a particularly important role .
with most of europol employees currently engaged in self-control for the purposes of data protection laws and questions being asked by 15 national parliaments , we may have a great deal of control , but it is inefficient control .
the forthcoming lisbon summit on these issues - dissemination of technology , employment - will be a decisive summit .
for it is common knowledge that we could have an even greater disaster on our hands if the fallen timber were to be left in the forests too long .
mr president , commissioner , when we compare the frequency with which storms occur in other parts of the world with our own situation , we see that europe gets off relatively lightly .
the idea of a european public prosecutor on the continental inquisitorial model with overriding jurisdiction throughout eu territories would have a major impact on the traditional systems both in ireland and the uk .
it is very important that these negotiations is not secretive with the european parliament or the national parliaments which , when all said and done , will have their opinions to give and their positions to take in the ratification process .
for in the course of the next few years , the proportion of renewable energy sources is to double , accounting for at least 12 % of energy consumption .
thirdly , i do not think that the decrease in the number of the working population , owing to the ageing of the population , is unavoidable and inevitable for the european union .
as from 2006 , therefore , all vehicles should be handed in at no cost to their last owners .
indeed that is something extremely useful that we could have done in russia throughout the 1990s to prevent the disintegration of that state .
one could do so once or twice , but i feel that the un donors should contribute to this as well , for there is a very large hole , as yet unfilled , that we are unable to fill .
i am opposed to making the car owners liable .
these are difficult subjects , subjects relating to institutional policy and mechanisms which are not always easy to explain .
we are in favour of the international criminal court , but it does not yet exist .
they rightly included the problem with monetary union and centralist government and presented a number of alternative democratic principles .
no one really knows what these elections are to lead to and what kind of parliament is to be formed as a result .
in voting against the jonckheer report , i wish to assert the need for another policy , to wit , ceasing all aid to private firms and utilising the money thereby saved to develop public services and recruit staff .
i am not looking for such rigidly high recycling quotas when it comes to special-purpose vehicles either .
these brushstrokes are indeed very broad .
without this transfer from portuguese waters , the level of the bay of biscay tac would have to be multiplied by ten in order to grant adequate catches to france .
it is being addressed and will be addressed in a comprehensive way , particularly in directive 90 / 220 .
the issue which we should all raise , and i did so myself , in a diplomatic way , a while ago , concerns the very substance of security council resolution 12 / 99 .
it is these questions which cause concern among our fellow citizens .
in order to finance the stability plan for the balkans , we will have to negotiate a significant revision of category 4 , and you must remember the enormous difficulties we have had in approving the 2000 budget .
the refusal of our government , down through the years , to acknowledge our complicity in the horrors of the second world war , together with their refusal to properly compensate the jewish victims and those forced into hard labour , have done a great deal to bolster this negative image .
this regulation was adopted just last year in berlin and i will be applying it for the next seven years .
so i will make brief mention of the package against discrimination and take this opportunity to ask the competent parliamentary committees to appoint their rapporteurs so that we can move ahead with the anti-discrimination package as soon as possible .
if we do not take steps to deal with that , we will fail ultimately .
there is no question of it allowing xenophobic , racist and anti-semitic ministers to be tolerated at within it .
in committee we are not in favour of reducing the number to 50 .
the contribution commitment is 80 % , rising to an 85 % contribution from the initiative for the island regions , especially the remote greek islands , and a contribution by greece of 15 % .
in order to function , the market needs rules .
i am about to lose patience at not having received an answer from him but i will send you this when i get it .
commissioner barnier has pointed out that oyster farming and agriculture would be eligible under article 30 of the regulation concerning rural development , forestry would be eligible under article 33 , companies would be eligible under exemptions from the competition law stated in article 87 ( 2 ) of the treaty and public facilities would be eligible under the structural funds .
so i refer to the things i do not agree with .
i concur with what other members of my political group have said and i commend the tone of your document . however , there are two omissions which need to be addressed in our future work .
the report that we are debating today intends to give political force to many of the recommendations of the committee of experts commissioned by this parliament .
what we know from the environmental side is what i have already mentioned , that there is now an environmental reconstruction plan , but when it comes to medical check-ups i do not have the information about that .
although it may have been effective in certain areas - and i do not doubt the sincerity of commissioner barnier &apos; s words - unfortunately it is still in its infancy when it comes to forestry .
but the vertical legislation in directive 90 / 220 on how to carry out the environmental risk assessment of gmos has changed since then and is still changing .
now , it is the soul .
i must declare an interest as a lawyer but also as a former competition minister in the united kingdom .
the issue of the financial envelope was staunchly defended by parliament in the face of the council &apos; s very meagre opening offer .
does this not stand in stark contradiction to the guideline on employability ?
when talking about climate change , we have rightly referred to the greenhouse effect and the state of the atmosphere .
i am surprised it has even been made , because we came to an agreement following an exchange in the conference of presidents .
however , it seems that none of the member states meets this figure due to a lack of inspectors .
secondly , all kinds of proposals are nevertheless being mooted , and we have to ask ourselves whether these are terribly appropriate and whether they would lead to improvement .
as i did not have an answer , i wrote to the minister for economic and financial affairs on 14 december .
as you know , we can only include five items in the &apos; human rights &apos; section .
that was a point made very forcibly by the leader of my group , mr poettering , in his opening address .
some areas are becoming drier , whilst many are becoming wetter .
we therefore accept the four amendments which have been proposed .
almost three weeks after the disaster , several thousand people were still without electricity and telephones , 500 000 hectares of forestry land , or 100 million cubic metres of forest , have been ruined , and our historical heritage has also been affected , as the sad example of the park at the palace of versailles demonstrates .
there should be greater involvement of the private sector which will introduce financial reality as a perspective within the funding equation .
first , perhaps , i should say something on the question of the legal base .
we also need to criticise the commission &apos; s practice of approving multiple aid packages for steel enterprises which in their view , do not fall within the categories of the code , even given the fact that the european court of justice approved this unequal treatment where certain individual decisions were concerned .
i can confirm , and thank you for having asked me about this , that we will use all the most modern means , television in particular , to broadcast our public debates in each country and even across europe .
now , however , he is to go before the courts once more because the public prosecutor is appealing .
ireland clearly is in the lead when national and community regional and social funds are put together . &quot;
if we can inject a spirit of entrepreneurial activity into our poor and structurally weak regions we will eventually get them back onto the road of attracting substantial investor confidence , which will be the key to future success .
the commission thereby gave a practical demonstration of its commitment to one of the essential pillars : that of the rule of law .
if there is a choice between investing in innovation projects or injecting most of the funding into bringing on deprived areas , we would opt for the latter as this does the most to benefit equality .
if the system of delivering cars to treatment facilities without any cost is applied , it will also transpire that the cost of processing will come down considerably .
on this specific point , we can perhaps offer mr bourlanges greater satisfaction .
but we do reserve the right , when you propose to amend a directive or a regulation , to look at the whole regulation and not just the part which you have singled out .
i can , therefore , only be delighted at the adoption of these directives thus amended . we could not really tolerate much longer a situation in which people legally resident within the european union had to face so many problems .
this included a number of interim conditions valid until 1 january 1999 .
this means that they must function more simply and more rapidly .
however , i do think that it is necessary , as he always states too , that , in the next igc , changes will be made to codecision , when unanimity will no longer be necessary .
this lack of infrastructure is also an obstacle to the establishment of companies and the creation of jobs .
the next item is the recommendation for second reading ( a5-0027 / 2000 ) on the common position adopted by the council with a view to the adoption of a european parliament and council directive on establishing a framework for community action in the field of water policy ( 9085 / 3 / 1999 - c5-0209 / 1999 - 1997 / 0067 ( cod ) ) ( rapporteur : mrs lienemann ) .
( es ) madam president , mr president of the commission , as chairman of this parliament &apos; s committee on fisheries , mr prodi , you are not making things easy for me at all .
if we are not able to achieve that then we will have tremendous trouble in the future .
the next item is the report ( a5-0009 / 2000 ) by mr graça moura , on behalf of the european parliament delegation to the conciliation committee , on the joint text approved by the conciliation committee for a european parliament and council decision establishing a single financing and programming instrument for cultural cooperation ( &apos; culture 2000 &apos; ) ( c5-0327 / 1999 - 1998 / 0169 ( cod ) ) .
thank you , mrs fraga estévez .
by not setting a specific date for the member states to implement the directive and instead giving them a period of three months after its entry into force , we are introducing a flexibility clause which ensures that the directive will be implemented without delay .
you gave consideration to important questions of principle in your programme .
within a few hours of the presentation of the report president santer announced the resignation of his entire team .
i would therefore once more ask you to ensure that we get a dutch channel as well .
it wishes to boost judicial assistance and cooperation and to develop an effective approach to the fight against all forms of crime &quot; . that is the entire programme for the next five years on the question of internal security , freedom , citizens &apos; rights and judicial cooperation .
but , more importantly than that , cultural activities are what make mankind civilised .
question no 40 by ( h-0095 / 00 ) :
the extent of their importance can be seen in the political implications of the delay in resolving the outstanding anglo / french dispute over british beef which has caused such anger in my country and such frustration with the workings of the union &apos; s disputes resolution procedures .
